Table of Contents
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
Would the world be a better place if everyone lived by this Bible principle ?
“ We wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things . ” ​ — Hebrews 13 : 18 .
This issue of The Watchtower discusses how honesty touches every aspect of our life .
Is Honesty Outdated ?
3
How Dishonesty Affects You 4
Why It Pays to Be Honest 6
The Bible Changes Lives
Give Me Just One Year of Peace and Happiness 8 Did You Know ?
10 How to Overcome Feelings of Insecurity 11
Ancient Wisdom for Modern Living
Do Not Be Anxious 15 What Does the Bible Say ?
16 Other Bible Questions Answered
Can the Bible Help Me if I’m Depressed ?
( Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE QUESTIONS ANSWERED )
COVER SUBJECT | WHY BE HONEST ?
Hitoshi worked in the accounting office of an employment agency in Japan .
While reviewing a financial account with his superior , Hitoshi was told that he was expected to make a falsified report .
Hitoshi explained that his conscience would not let him do dishonest work .
As a result , Hitoshi’s superior threatened to fire him , and he ultimately lost his job .
In the months that followed , Hitoshi became downhearted over his employment prospects .
During one job interview , for instance , Hitoshi mentioned that he could not engage in dishonest work .
The interviewer responded , “ Your way of thinking is strange ! ”
Hitoshi’s family and friends encouraged him to remain firm in his resolve to be honest , yet he began to have some doubts .
For instance , he said , “ I wondered if being honest about my faith was a good idea . ”
Hitoshi’s experience is a disturbing reminder that not everyone prizes honesty .
In fact , some may even view it as a liability , particularly in the business community .
“ I’m surrounded by people who are dishonest , ” said a working woman in South Africa , “ and sometimes the pressure to conform is very great . ”
One form of dishonesty that is particularly widespread today is lying .
Some years ago , a study by Robert S .
Feldman , a psychologist at the University of Massachusetts Amherst , determined that 60 percent of adults lie at least once during a ten - minute conversation .
“ It was a very surprising result , ” says Feldman . “ We didn’t expect lying to be such a common part of daily life . ”
Is it not strange that most people abhor the idea of being lied to yet there are few practices more common than lying ?
Why are lying , stealing , and other forms of dishonesty so common today ?
How does dishonesty affect society as a whole ?
And more important , how can we avoid getting caught up in these dishonest practices ?
COVER SUBJECT | WHY BE HONEST ?
“ There are always difficult situations that can be solved with a little dishonesty . ” ​ — Samantha , South Africa .
Do you agree with that statement ?
Like Samantha , all of us have faced difficult situations at one time or another .
How we react to situations that tempt us to be dishonest can reveal what values we hold dear .
For example , if saving face is paramount to us , we would likely view being dishonest as just another tool used to accomplish the task .
When the truth comes to light , however , dishonesty often brings negative consequences .
Consider the following .
Relationships are built on trust .
When two people trust each other , they feel safe and secure .
But trust does not happen overnight .
People build trust when they spend time together , engaging in honest communication and acting unselfishly .
Trust can be shattered , however , by just one act of dishonesty .
And when trust has been broken , it can be very difficult to rebuild .
Have you ever been deceived by someone you thought was a good friend ?
If so , how did you feel ?
Likely you felt hurt , even betrayed .
That certainly is understandable .
There is little doubt that dishonesty can destroy the fabric of precious relationships .
A study by Robert Innes , a professor of economics at the University of California , found that “ dishonesty is indeed contagious . ” Thus , dishonesty could be likened to a virus ​ — the more contact you have with a person who is deceitful , the greater your risk of being “ infected ” with dishonesty yourself . How can you avoid falling into the trap of dishonesty ? The Bible can help you .
Please consider a few Bible principles . WHAT IS IT ?
Saying something false to someone who is entitled to know the truth .
Lying can include misrepresenting or distorting facts in order to mislead a person , omitting key information to deceive someone , and exaggerating the truth in order to give a false impression .
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS : “ Jehovah detests a devious person , but His close friendship is with the upright . ”
“ Now that you have put away deceit , each one of you speak truth with his neighbor . ” ​ — Ephesians 4 : 25 . WHAT IS IT ?
Uttering false and malicious statements that injure a person’s reputation .
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS : “ A troublemaker causes dissension , and a slanderer separates close friends . ”
“ Where there is no wood , the fire goes out , and where there is no slanderer , quarreling ceases . ” ​ — Proverbs 26 : 20 . WHAT IS IT ?
Inducing someone to part with money or property on false pretenses .
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS : “ You must not defraud a hired worker who is in need and poor . ”
“ The one who defrauds the lowly one insults his Maker , but whoever shows compassion to the poor glorifies Him . ” ​ — Proverbs 14 : 31 . WHAT IS IT ?
Taking property from a person without permission .
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS : “ Let the one who steals steal no more ; rather , let him do hard work , doing good work with his hands , so that he may have something to share with someone in need . ”
“ Do not be misled . . . .
Thieves , greedy people , drunkards , revilers , and extortioners will not inherit God’s Kingdom . ” ​ — 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 , 10 .
COVER SUBJECT | WHY BE HONEST ?
“ We trust we have an honest conscience , as we wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things . ” ​ — Hebrews 13 : 18 .
In the Bible , the original Greek word that is sometimes translated “ honesty ” literally means “ something that is intrinsically good . ”
It can also carry the meaning of something beautiful to behold in a moral sense .
Christians take seriously the apostle Paul’s inspired words : “ We wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things . ”
What does that involve ?
Most people glance at themselves in a mirror every morning before going out in public .
Why ?
Because they want to look their best .
But there is something much more important than having a stylish haircut or fashionable clothes .
Indeed , the person we are on the inside can either add to or detract from our outward appearance .
God’s Word frankly admits that we are inclined to do what is bad .
“ The inclination of the heart of man is bad from his youth up , ” says Genesis 8 : 21 .
Thus , to be honest , we must fight against our inborn sinful tendencies .
The apostle Paul gave a vivid description of his own fight against sin , saying : “ I really delight in the law of God according to the man I am within , but I see in my body another law warring against the law of my mind and leading me captive to sin’s law that is in my body . ” ​ — Romans 7 : 22 , 23 .
For example , when our heart urges us to do what is bad and we have a strong inclination to be dishonest , we do not have to be a slave to our heart’s impulses .
We still have a choice in the matter .
When we choose to reject a bad thought , we can remain honest despite the dishonesty surrounding us .
To be honest , we need a strong moral code .
Sadly , however , many people spend more time deciding on their personal ‘ dress code ’ than they do on thinking about a personal moral code .
As a result , they justify the amount of dishonesty that will suit their situation .
The book The ( Honest ) Truth About Dishonesty put it this way : “ Essentially , we cheat up to the level that allows us to retain our self - image as reasonably honest individuals . ”
Is there , though , a reliable standard that can help us decide for ourselves how much ​ — if any — ​ dishonesty is acceptable ?
Thankfully , there is .
Millions of people the world over have found that the Bible perfectly fills that need .
The Bible has a moral code that is beyond compare .
It gives reliable guidance on such matters as family life , employment , morality , and spirituality .
It has stood the test of time .
Its laws and principles apply to all national groups , races , tribes , and peoples .
By peering into the Bible , meditating on what it says , and applying its counsel , we can train our heart to be honest and upright .
Still , there is more to winning the battle against dishonesty than gaining an accurate knowledge of the Bible .
After all , we live in a morally depraved world that pressures us to accept its corrupt standards .
That is why we need to pray to God for his help and support .
By doing so , we can have the courage to stand up for what is right and to be honest in all things .
Hitoshi , quoted in the opening article , profited from having a reputation of being an honest worker .
He now works for an employer who appreciates his honesty .
“ I am thankful , ” says Hitoshi , “ that I was able to find work that allows me to keep a clean conscience . ”
Others have found the same to be true .
Consider some examples of those who have benefited by applying the Bible principle to “ conduct ourselves honestly in all things . ”
“ I left school at age 13 in order to work with thieves .
As a result , 95 percent of my income was obtained by dishonest means .
Later , I married , and my husband and I began studying the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses .
We learned that Jehovah * God hates dishonest practices , so we decided to change our lifestyle .
In 1990 we dedicated our lives to Jehovah and got baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses . ” ​ — Proverbs 6 : 16 - 19 .
“ In the past , my house was full of stolen goods , but now it is free from such things ; and this gives me a clean conscience .
Thinking back over my many years of dishonesty , I am grateful to Jehovah for his great mercy .
It is so satisfying to go to sleep each night knowing that Jehovah is now pleased with me . ” ​ — Cheryl , Ireland .
“ When my boss found out that I had turned down a bribe from a potential customer , he said to me : ‘ Your God makes you such a trustworthy person !
It truly is a blessing to have you here in our company . ’
To be honest in all things enables me to have a clean conscience before Jehovah God .
It also allows me to help my family and others to do the same . ” ​ — Sonny , Hong Kong .
“ I work as an executive assistant at an international bank .
In this business , honesty is often shoved aside for the sake of gaining wealth .
The widespread view is , ‘ What’s the harm in a little dishonesty if it promotes wealth and helps the economy ? ’
But by being honest , I have peace of mind .
I am resolved to remain honest and face whatever consequences may come .
My employers know that I will not lie to them or for them . ” ​ — Tom , United States .
“ My supervisor at work encouraged me to lie about some missing supplies at work , but I refused .
When the thieves were finally revealed , my employer thanked me for being honest .
Being honest in a dishonest world calls for courage .
But in the end , we can gain the trust and respect of others . ” ​ — Kaori , Japan .
A clean conscience , peace of mind , and self - respect ​ — such rewards show that it really does pay to be honest .
Do you not agree ?
Jehovah is the name of God as revealed in the Bible .
ANCIENT WISDOM FOR MODERN LIVING
BIBLE PRINCIPLE : “ Stop being anxious about your lives . ” ​ — Matthew 6 : 25 .
What does it mean ?
Jesus spoke those words in his Sermon on the Mount .
According to one Bible dictionary , the Greek verb rendered “ to be anxious ” can refer to “ the natural reaction of man to poverty , hunger and other troubles which befall him in his daily life . ”
Anxiety often involves being worried about things that may take place in the future .
It is normal and proper to be concerned about our material needs and the welfare of our loved ones .
But when Jesus said , “ never be anxious , ” he was advising his followers to avoid undue worry ​ — an excessive fear of tomorrow that can take the joy out of living today . ​ — Matthew 6 : 31 , 34 .
Is it practical today ?
We are wise to heed Jesus ’ advice .
Why ?
Some reference works suggest that when people worry a great deal , their sympathetic nervous system is in a constant state of activation and that this condition “ is associated with medical problems that include ulcers , heart disease , and asthma . ”
Jesus gave a compelling reason for avoiding undue anxiety : It is pointless .
“ Who of you by being anxious can add one cubit to his life span ? ”
asked Jesus . Focusing on our worries will not extend our life by even a fraction of a second , let alone improve it .
Besides , things often do not turn out as we feared .
One scholar put it this way : “ Worry about the future is wasted effort , and the future of reality is seldom as bad as the future of our fears . ”
How can we avoid anxiety ?
First , trust in God .
If God provides food for birds and clothes flowers with beauty , will he not provide the necessities of life for humans who make his worship a priority in their life ?
Second , take one day at a time .
“ Never be anxious about the next day , ” said Jesus , “ for the next day will have its own anxieties . ”
Would you not agree that “ each day has enough of its own troubles ” ? ​ — Matthew 6 : 34 .
By heeding Jesus ’ wise advice , we can spare ourselves physical harm .
More than that , we will find an inner calm ​ — what the Bible calls “ the peace of God . ” ​ — Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
Table of Contents
Is It Wrong to Grieve ?
4
Dealing With Your Grief 5
Comforting Those Who Mourn 6
The Dead Will Live Again !
8

Did You Know ?
9 The Bible Changes Lives
I Learned to Respect Women and Myself 10
Imitate Their Faith
“ I Am Willing to Go ” 12 What Does the Bible Say ? 16
COVER SUBJECT
“ God knows best , baby . . . .
Don’t . . . you . . . cry . ”
Those words were whispered into the ear of a woman named Bebe . She was at the funeral of her father , who had died in a car accident .
Bebe had been very close to her father .
The remark came from a well - meaning family friend , but Bebe found it more cutting than comforting .
“ His death wasn’t for the best , ” she kept repeating to herself .
It was clear that when Bebe recounted the incident in a book years later , she was still grieving .
As Bebe came to see , it can take a long time for someone to overcome grief , especially when the bereaved person was very close to the deceased .
In the Bible , death is aptly described as “ the last enemy . ”
It breaks into our lives with irresistible force , often when we are completely unprepared , and it robs us of those we hold dear .
None of us are immune to its ravages .
So it is not surprising if we feel at a loss when it comes to coping with death and its aftermath .
Perhaps you have wondered : ‘ How long does it take to get over grief ?
How can a person cope with grief ?
How can I comfort others who have been bereaved ?
Is there any hope for our loved ones who have died ? ’
COVER SUBJECT | WHEN A LOVED ONE DIES
Have you ever had a brief bout with illness ?
Perhaps you recovered so quickly that you have practically forgotten the episode .
Well , grief is not like that .
“ There is no such thing as ‘ getting over ’ grief , ” writes Dr . Alan Wolfelt in his book Healing a Spouse’s Grieving Heart . However , he adds : “ Over time and with the support of others , your grief will soften . ”
As an example , consider how the patriarch Abraham reacted when his wife died .
The Bible says that “ Abraham began to mourn and to weep over Sarah . ”
The expression “ began to ” suggests that it took some time for him to cope with his loss .
* Another example is Jacob , who was deceived into believing that his son Joseph had been killed by a wild animal .
He grieved for “ many days , ” and his family members were unable to comfort him .
Several years later , the death of Joseph still weighed heavily on his mind . ​ — Genesis 23 : 2 ; 37 : 34 , 35 ; 42 : 36 ; 45 : 28 .
Abraham mourned the loss of his beloved Sarah
The same is true today of many who mourn the death of someone very close .
Consider the following two examples .
“ My husband , Robert , died on July 9 , 2008 .
The morning of the fatal accident was no different from any other day .
After breakfast , as we always did when he was leaving for work , we gave each other a kiss , a cuddle , and an ‘ I love you . ’
Six years later the pain in my heart is still there .
I don’t think I will ever get over my loss of Rob . ” ​ — Gail , aged 60 .
“ Although I have been without my dear wife for more than 18 years , I still miss her and grieve over my loss .
Whenever I see something in nature that is attractive , my thoughts go to her , and I cannot help wondering how she would have enjoyed seeing what I am seeing . ” ​ — Etienne , aged 84 .
Clearly , such painful and long - lasting feelings are only natural .
Each person grieves in his or her own way , and it would be unwise to judge the way another person responds to tragedy .
At the same time , we may need to hold off from condemning ourselves if our reaction to loss seems excessive .
How can we cope with grief ?
Abraham’s son Isaac also experienced prolonged grief .
As we note in the “ Imitate Their Faith ” article in this issue , Isaac was still grieving over the loss of his mother , Sarah , three years after her death . ​ — Genesis 24 : 67 .
COVER SUBJECT | WHEN A LOVED ONE DIES
There is no shortage of advice on this subject .
Not all of it , however , is helpful .
For instance , you may find that some will advise you not to cry or show your feelings in any way .
Others may push you to do the opposite and expose all your feelings .
The Bible presents a more balanced view , one that is supported by modern research .
In some cultures it is considered unmanly for a male to cry .
But is there a real need to feel ashamed about shedding tears , even in public ?
Mental - health experts acknowledge that tearfulness is a normal part of grieving .
And grieving may , in time , help you to move on despite the enormity of your loss .
Suppressing grief , however , may do more harm than good .
The Bible lends no support to the notion that it is wrong or unmanly to shed tears of grief .
Think of Jesus , for example .
At the death of his dear friend Lazarus , Jesus openly wept , even though he had the power to bring the dead back to life ! ​ — John 11 : 33 - 35 .
Bouts of anger are often part of grieving , especially in cases of sudden , unexpected death .
There are many reasons why a bereaved person may feel angry , such as when thoughtless and unfounded comments are made by a respected person .
“ I was only 14 years old when my father died , ” explains a South African man named Mike .
“ At the funeral , the Anglican minister said that God needs good people and takes them early .
* This angered me because we desperately needed our father .
Now , 63 years later , it still hurts . ”
And what about guilt ?
Especially in the case of unexpected death , the bereaved person may repeatedly think , ‘ It might not have happened if only I had done this or that . ’
Or maybe your last encounter with the deceased involved an argument .
This may add to your feeling of guilt .
If you are being plagued by such feelings of guilt and anger , it is important not to bottle up these emotions .
Rather , speak to a friend who will listen and reassure you that such irrational feelings are common to many bereaved ones .
The Bible reminds us : “ A true friend shows love at all times , and is a brother who is born for times of distress . ” ​ — Proverbs 17 : 17 .
The best Friend a bereaved person can have is our Creator , Jehovah God .
Pour out your heart to him in prayer because “ he cares for you . ”
Moreover , he promises that all who do so will have their thoughts and feelings soothed by “ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding . ”
Also , allow God to help you heal by means of his consoling Word , the Bible .
Make a list of comforting scriptures .
( See accompanying box . )
You may even want to memorize a few of them .
Having such thoughts to ponder over may be especially helpful at night when you are alone and find it hard to sleep . ​ — Isaiah 57 : 15 .
Recently , a 40 - year - old man , whom we will call Jack , lost his beloved wife to cancer .
Jack says that at times he feels intense loneliness .
But he has found help in prayer .
“ When I pray to Jehovah , ” he explains , “ I never feel alone .
I often wake up during the night and cannot get back to sleep .
After reading and meditating on comforting thoughts from the Scriptures and then pouring out the feelings of my heart in prayer , I sense a calmness and a transcending peace come over me , putting my mind and heart at rest and enabling me to sleep . ”
A young woman named Vanessa lost her mother to illness .
She too has experienced the power of prayer .
“ In my most difficult times , ” she says , “ I would just call on God’s name and break down in tears .
Jehovah listened to my prayers and always gave me the strength I needed . ”
Some bereavement counselors advise those who are struggling with grief to get involved in helping others or to volunteer their time in some community service .
Doing so can bring joy and may ease a person’s grief .
Many bereaved Christians have found that working to help others has brought them great comfort . ​ — 2 Corinthians 1 : 3 , 4 .
This is not a Bible teaching .
The Bible reveals three causes of death . ​ — Ecclesiastes 9 : 11 ; John 8 : 44 ; Romans 5 : 12 .
God feels for you in your pain . ​ — Psalm 55 : 22 ; 1 Peter 5 : 7 .
God patiently listens to the prayers of his servants . ​ — Psalm 86 : 5 ; 1 Thessalonians 5 : 17 .
God misses people who have died . ​ — Job 14 : 13 - 15 .
God promises to resurrect the dead . ​ — Isaiah 26 : 19 ; John 5 : 28 , 29 .
COVER SUBJECT | WHEN A LOVED ONE DIES
Have you ever felt helpless when someone near to you was grieving over the loss of a loved one ?

Sometimes we may feel unsure of what to say or do ​ — so we wind up saying and doing nothing .
But there are practical , helpful things that we can do .
Often , all that is needed is your presence along with a simple expression , such as “ I am so sorry . ”
In many cultures , giving the person a hug or a gentle squeeze of the arm is an effective way to show you care .
If the bereaved one wants to talk , listen sympathetically .
Best of all , do something for the bereaved family , perhaps performing a chore the grieving one has not been able to care for , such as cooking a meal , caring for the children , or helping with funeral arrangements if that is desired .
Such actions may speak louder than the most eloquent words .
In time , you may be moved to talk about the deceased , perhaps focusing on some good qualities or happy experiences .
Such conversation may even bring a smile to the bereaved person’s face .
For example , Pam ​ — who lost her husband , Ian , six years ago — ​ says : “ People sometimes tell me good things that Ian did that I never knew about , and that makes my heart feel good . ”
Researchers report that many bereaved people receive a lot of initial help but that their needs are soon forgotten as friends get busy again with their own lives .
Therefore , make a point of contacting a bereaved friend on a regular basis after the loss .
* Many grieving ones deeply appreciate this opportunity to relieve themselves of prolonged feelings of grief .
Consider the example of Kaori , a young Japanese woman who was devastated by the loss of her mother followed by the loss of her older sister 15 months later .
Thankfully , she received ongoing support from loyal friends .
One named Ritsuko is much older than Kaori and offered to be her close friend .
“ To be honest , ” says Kaori , “ I wasn’t happy about that .
I didn’t want anyone to take the place of my mother , and I didn’t think that anyone could .
However , because of the way Mama Ritsuko treated me , I came to feel close to her .
Every week , we went out in the evangelizing work together and went to Christian meetings together .
She invited me to have tea with her , brought me meals , and wrote me letters and cards many times .
Mama Ritsuko’s positive attitude had a good influence on me . ”
Twelve years have passed since Kaori’s mother died , and today she and her husband are full - time evangelizers .
“ Mama Ritsuko , ” Kaori says , “ continues to show her concern .
When I go back home , I always visit her and enjoy her upbuilding association . ”
Another example of someone who benefited from ongoing support is Poli , one of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Cyprus .
Poli had a kind husband , Sozos , who set a good example as a Christian shepherd by often inviting orphans and widows to their home for association and a meal .
Sadly , at the age of 53 , Sozos died of a brain tumor .
“ I lost my loyal husband with whom I had spent 33 years of marriage , ” says Poli .
Find practical ways to offer help to the bereaved
After the funeral , Poli moved to Canada with her youngest son , 15 - year - old Daniel .
There , they began associating with a congregation of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
“ The friends in my new congregation , ” recalls Poli , “ did not know anything about our past and our difficult circumstances .
But that did not stop them from approaching us and embracing us with their kind words and practical help .
How precious that help was , especially at that time , when my son needed his father most !
Those taking the lead in the congregation showed a great deal of personal interest in Daniel .
One in particular made sure to include Daniel when enjoying association with friends or when going out to play ball . ”
Both mother and son are doing well today .
To be sure , there are many ways we can offer practical help and comfort to those who mourn .
The Bible also comforts us by means of a thrilling hope for the future .
Some have even marked the date of the death on their calendar as a reminder to offer comfort when it may be most needed ​ — on or near the date of the loss .
COVER SUBJECT | WHEN A LOVED ONE DIES
You may recall that Gail , mentioned earlier in this series , doubts whether she will ever get over the death of her husband , Rob .
However , she is looking forward to seeing him again in God’s promised new world .
“ My favorite scripture , ” she says , “ is Revelation 21 : 3 , 4 . ” It reads : “ God himself will be with them . And he will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore . The former things have passed away . ”
Gail says : “ This promise says it all .
My feelings really go out to people who have lost someone they love but who are not aware of this hope of seeing their loved one again . ”
Gail acts in harmony with her beliefs by doing volunteer work as a full - time evangelizer , sharing with her neighbors God’s promise of a future when “ death will be no more . ”
Job was confident that he would live again
‘ Unbelievable ! ’
you may say . But consider the example of a man named Job .
He had been desperately ill .
Though Job wished he were dead , he still had faith in God’s power to resurrect him back to life on earth .
He confidently said : “ O that in the Grave you would conceal me . . .
You will call , and I will answer you . You will long for the work of your hands . ”
Job was confident that his God would miss him and would long to restore him to life .
Soon , God will do just that ​ — for Job and countless others — ​ when this earth is transformed into a paradise .
“ There is going to be a resurrection , ” the Bible confirms at Acts 24 : 15 .
“ Do not be amazed at this , ” Jesus assures us , “ for the hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out . ”
Job will see that promise fulfilled .
He will have the prospect of regaining “ his youthful vigor , ” and his flesh will forever remain “ fresher than in youth . ”
The same will happen to all who respond with appreciation to God’s merciful provision of a resurrection to life on earth .
If you have suffered the loss of someone dear to you , the information we have discussed may not completely take away your grief .
But by meditating on God’s promises found in the Bible , you can find real hope and the strength to keep going . ​ — 1 Thessalonians 4 : 13 .
Would you like to learn more about how to cope with grief ?
Or do you have related questions , such as “ Why does God allow evil and suffering ? ”
Please visit our website , jw.org , to see how the Bible gives comforting , practical answers .
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
Will these words ever be fulfilled ?
“ God . . . will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more . ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 3 , 4 .
This issue of The Watchtower discusses how God will fulfill that promise and what it can mean for you .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
COVER SUBJECT | WHY DID JESUS SUFFER AND DIE ?
In the spring of 33 C.E . , Jesus the Nazarene was executed . He had been falsely charged with sedition , savagely beaten , and nailed to a stake .
He died in excruciating pain .
But God raised him back to life , and 40 days later , Jesus ascended to heaven .
This extraordinary account comes to us from the four Gospels of the Christian Greek Scriptures , commonly called the New Testament .
Did those things really happen ?
That is a pertinent and serious question .
If they did not , Christian faith is valueless and the hope of eternal life in Paradise is nothing more than a wishful dream .
On the other hand , if those events really did happen , then there is a bright future for mankind , one in which you can share .
So , are the Gospel accounts fact or fiction ?
Unlike fanciful legends , the Gospel writings reflect painstaking accuracy and attention to detail .
For example , they abound with names of real places , many of which can be visited today .
They tell about real people , whose existence has been corroborated by secular historians . ​ — Luke 3 : 1 , 2 , 23 .
Jesus himself is mentioned by secular writers of the first and second centuries .
* His manner of death , as described in the Gospels , agrees with Roman executional methods of the time .
Moreover , events are related in a factual and candid manner ​ — even portraying some of Jesus ’ disciples unfavorably .
All these factors strongly indicate that the Gospel writers were honest and accurate in what they wrote about Jesus .
While it is generally accepted that Jesus lived and died , some would question his resurrection .
Even his apostles did not believe the initial report of his having returned to life .
All doubt was removed , however , when they and other disciples saw the resurrected Jesus on separate occasions .
In fact , in one case , there were more than 500 eyewitnesses present . ​ — 1 Corinthians 15 : 6 .
At the risk of being arrested and killed , the disciples courageously proclaimed Jesus ’ resurrection to all ​ — even to the very ones who had executed him .
Would so many disciples have been so bold if they were not absolutely sure that Jesus had really been resurrected ?
In fact , the reality of the resurrection of Jesus is the driving force behind the impact that Christianity has had on the world both then and now .
The Gospel accounts of Jesus ’ death and resurrection bear all the necessary marks of an authentic historical record .
Carefully reading them will convince you that these events really happened .
Your conviction can be further strengthened when you understand why they took place .
The next article will explain .
Tacitus , born about 55 C.E . , wrote that “ Christus , from whom the name [ Christians ] had its origin , suffered the extreme penalty during the reign of Tiberius at the hands of one of our procurators , Pontius Pilatus . ”
Jesus is also referred to by Suetonius ( first century ) ; Jewish historian Josephus ( first century ) ; and Pliny the Younger , governor of Bithynia ( early second century ) .
Given the profound influence that Jesus had on the world , should we expect more in the way of contemporary non - Biblical corroboration ?
Not necessarily .
For one thing , the Gospels were written almost 2,000 years ago .
Few other writings of that time have survived .
Then , too , it is unlikely that Jesus ’ many opposers would write anything that would lend credibility to the reports about him .
Regarding Jesus ’ resurrection , Peter , one of his apostles , explained : “ God raised this one up on the third day and allowed him to become manifest , not to all the people , but to witnesses appointed beforehand by God , to us , who ate and drank with him after his rising from the dead . ”
Why not to all the people ?
Matthew’s Gospel tells us that when the religious enemies heard reports of Jesus ’ resurrection , they schemed to suppress them . ​ — Matthew 28 : 11 - 15 .
Does this mean that Jesus wanted his resurrection to be kept secret ?
No , for Peter went on to say : “ He ordered us to preach to the people and to give a thorough witness that this is the one decreed by God to be judge of the living and the dead . ”
True Christians have done and are doing just that . ​ — Acts 10 : 42 .
COVER SUBJECT
“ Through one man [ Adam ] sin entered into the world and death through sin . ” ​ — Romans 5 : 12
What would you say if you were asked , “ Do you want to live forever ? ”
Most people would probably say that they want to but that they feel it is unrealistic to consider it .
Death is a normal part of life , they say , the natural outcome of our existence .
Suppose , though , that the question were turned around and you were asked , “ Are you ready to die ? ”
Under normal circumstances , most people would answer no .
The point ?
In spite of the trials and hardships we face , our normal and natural desire is to live .
The Bible shows that God created humans with the desire and the will to live .
In fact , it says that “ he has even put eternity in their heart . ” ​ — Ecclesiastes 3 : 11 .
The reality , though , is that humans do not live forever .
So , what went wrong ?
Furthermore , has God done anything to remedy the situation ?
The Bible’s answers are heartening , and they have a direct bearing on why Jesus suffered and died .
The first three chapters of the Bible book of Genesis tell us that God set before the first human couple , Adam and Eve , the prospect of unending life and told them what they would have to do to gain it .
Then the account describes how they failed to obey God and lost that prospect .
The story is told simply ​ — so simply that some are quick to dismiss it as folklore .
But Genesis , like the Gospels , gives every indication of being a factual , historical record .
*
What has been the result of Adam’s failure to obey ?
The Bible answers this way : “ Through one man [ Adam ] sin entered into the world and death through sin , and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned . ”
By disobeying God , Adam sinned .
He thus lost the prospect of endless life and eventually died .
Being his descendants , we have inherited his sinful condition .
As a result , we are subject to sickness , old age , and death .
This explanation of why we die is in harmony with what we know today about heredity .
But has God done anything to remedy the situation ?
Yes , God made arrangements to redeem , or buy back , what Adam had lost for his descendants , namely , the prospect of endless life .
How did God accomplish that ?
“ The wages sin pays is death , ” says the Bible at Romans 6 : 23 .
This means that death is the consequence of sin .
Adam sinned , so he died .
Likewise , we sin and are therefore subject to sin’s wages , death .
But we were born in this sinful condition through no fault of our own .
So God lovingly sent his Son , Jesus , to accept ‘ the wages of sin ’ for us .
How does this work ?
Jesus ’ death opens the way to a happy , endless life
Since one man , the perfect man Adam , brought sin and death on us through disobedience , a perfect man obedient even till death was needed to release us from that burden .
The Bible explains it this way : “ Just as through the disobedience of the one man many were made sinners , so also through the obedience of the one person many will be made righteous . ”
Jesus was that “ one person . ”
He left heaven , became a perfect man * , and died in our behalf .
As a result , it is possible for us to have a righteous standing with God and gain the prospect of endless life .
Why , though , was it necessary for Jesus to die to accomplish this ?
Could not Almighty God have simply issued a decree that Adam’s descendants be allowed to live forever ?
He certainly had the authority to do so .
But that would have disregarded his stated law that the wages of sin is death .
That law is no petty rule that can be dismissed or changed for convenience .
It is fundamental to true justice . ​ — Psalm 37 : 28 .
Had God set justice aside in this instance , people might have wondered whether he would do so in other matters as well .
For example , would he be fair in determining who among Adam’s offspring qualify for eternal life ?
Could he be trusted to keep his promises ?
God’s adherence to justice in working out our salvation is assurance to us that he will always do what is right .
By Jesus ’ sacrificial death , God opened the way to endless life in Paradise on earth .
Note Jesus ’ words as recorded at John 3 : 16 : “ God loved the world so much that he gave his only - begotten Son , so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life . ”
Jesus ’ death is thus an expression not only of God’s unfailing justice but , more specially , of his great love for humans .
However , why did Jesus have to suffer and die in the painful way that was described in the Gospels ?
By subjecting himself to the extreme test and remaining faithful , Jesus refuted once and for all the Devil’s claim that humans would not remain loyal to God when under trial .
That claim might have seemed valid after Satan induced perfect Adam to sin .
But Jesus ​ — who was Adam’s perfect equivalent — ​ remained obedient despite severe suffering .
He thus proved that Adam too could have obeyed God if he had chosen to do so .
By enduring under trial , Jesus left us a model to follow .
God rewarded his Son’s perfect obedience , granting Jesus immortal life in heaven .
Jesus ’ death really occurred .
The way to unending life is open .
Do you want to live forever ?
Jesus indicated what we need to do when he said : “ This means everlasting life , their coming to know you , the only true God , and the one whom you sent , Jesus Christ . ” ​ — John 17 : 3 .
The publishers of this magazine invite you to learn more about Jehovah , the true God , and about his Son , Jesus Christ .
Jehovah’s Witnesses in your community will be happy to assist you .
You can also receive helpful information by visiting our website , www.jw.org .
See “ The Historical Character of Genesis , ” in Insight on the Scriptures , Volume 1 , page 922 , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
God’s transfer of his Son’s life from heaven to the womb of Mary caused conception , and God’s holy spirit shielded Jesus from inheriting imperfection from Mary . ​ — Luke 1 : 31 , 35 .
On the night before he surrendered his life , Jesus gathered with his faithful apostles and instituted the Memorial of his death .
He said to them : “ Keep doing this in remembrance of me . ”
In obedience to that command , Jehovah’s Witnesses worldwide gather annually on the anniversary of Jesus ’ death .
Last year , 19,862,783 attended this event .
This year , the Memorial of Jesus ’ death falls on Wednesday , March 23 , after sundown .
You and your family and friends are warmly invited to attend and listen to a Bible - based talk .
It will explain why Jesus ’ death was significant and how it can benefit you personally .
Attendance is free ; no collections will be taken .
Please ask Jehovah’s Witnesses in your area for the time and location .
Or you may consult our website , www.jw.org .
WOULD YOU SAY that the Devil is . . .
A spirit person ?
A symbol of the evil inside a person ?
A product of human imagination ?
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
The Devil conversed with and “ tempted ” Jesus .
So the Devil is not imaginary , nor is he just a symbol of evil .
He is a wicked spirit person .
WHAT ELSE CAN WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE ?
The Devil was originally a holy angel , but “ he did not stand fast in the truth . ”
He became a liar and rebelled against God .
Other angels joined Satan’s rebellion . ​ — Revelation 12 : 9 .
The Devil blinds many people to his existence . ​ — 2 Corinthians 4 : 4 .
SOME PEOPLE SAY that control by the Devil is a hoax , while others dread being possessed by evil spirits .
What do you think ?
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
“ The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one . ”
The Devil exerts great influence over mankind , but he does not control every human .
WHAT ELSE CAN WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE ?
The Devil uses deception to increase his influence . ​ — 2 Corinthians 11 : 14 .
Wicked spirits can in some cases take control of people . ​ — Matthew 12 : 22 .
With God’s help , you can successfully “ oppose the Devil . ” ​ — James 4 : 7 .
For more information , see chapter 10 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
Table of Contents
Did It Really Happen ?
3
Why Did Jesus Suffer and Die ?
5


Should Christians Worship at Shrines ?
8
Heeding Advance Warning Can Save Your Life !
11
Chapters and Verses ​ — Who Put Them in the Bible ?
14
What Does the Bible Say ?
16
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
Can you really benefit from the very well - known statement :
“ God loved the world so much that he gave his only - begotten Son ” ? ​ — John 3 : 16 .
This issue of The Watchtower explains how Jesus ’ suffering and death can benefit you .
“ Who of you wanting to build a tower does not first sit down and calculate the expense to see if he has enough to complete it ? ” ​ — LUKE 14 : 28 .
SONGS : 120 , 64
What is maturity , and how did Daniel display that quality ?
How can you tell if the decision to get baptized comes from your heart ?
What is dedication , and how is it related to baptism ?
The following two articles are addressed to young people who are considering baptism
1 , 2 . ( a ) What gives God’s people joy today ?
( b ) How can Christian parents and elders help young ones to understand the meaning of baptism ?
“ I HAVE known you since you were born , ” said a Christian elder to 12 - year - old Christopher , “ and I’m happy to hear that you want to get baptized .
I would like to ask you , ‘ Why do you want to take that step ? ’ ”
The elder’s question was valid .
Of course , it gives all of us much joy to see that every year thousands of young people around the world get baptized .
At the same time , Christian parents and elders in the congregation want to make sure that such young ones make a decision that is not only voluntary but also well - founded .
God’s Word indicates that the steps of dedication and baptism are the start of a life during which Christians will experience blessings from Jehovah but also opposition from Satan .
Therefore , Christian parents take time to teach their children what is involved in being a disciple of Christ .

In the case of young ones who have no Christian parents , the elders in the congregation will lovingly help them to count the cost of discipleship .
( Read Luke 14 : 27 - 30 . )
Just as it takes planning to complete a building project successfully , so it requires preparation to serve Jehovah faithfully “ to the end . ”
But what can young ones themselves do to become determined to serve Jehovah for the rest of their life ?
Let us see .
( a ) What do the words of Jesus and Peter teach us about the importance of baptism ?
( b ) What questions will we consider , and why ?
Are you a young person who is considering baptism ?
If so , you are to be commended !
It is a great privilege to get baptized as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Moreover , baptism is a requirement for Christians , and it is a vital step toward gaining salvation .
Because it is your heartfelt desire to keep the promise you will make to Jehovah , you want to be prepared for this important step .
You do well , therefore , to consider three questions that may help you to see if you are ready for baptism .
The questions are as follows : ( 1 ) Am I mature enough to make the decision ?
( 2 ) Do I have a personal desire to do so ?
( 3 ) Do I understand what it means to be dedicated to Jehovah ?
Let us examine those questions .
4 , 5 . ( a ) Why is baptism not for older people only ?
( b ) What does it mean for a Christian to be mature ?
The Bible does not suggest that baptism is a step to be taken only by those who are older or who have reached at least an age at which certain legal rights may be granted .
We read at Proverbs 20 : 11 : “ Even a child is known by his actions , whether his behavior is pure and right . ”
One who is somewhat younger can realize what it means to do what is right and to be dedicated to his Creator .
Thus , baptism is an important and appropriate step for a young person who has manifested considerable maturity and has made a dedication to Jehovah . ​ — Prov . 20 : 7 .
What does it mean to be mature ?
Maturity involves more than physical growth .
The Bible says that mature people “ have their powers of discernment trained to distinguish both right and wrong . ”
Thus , mature people know what is right in Jehovah’s eyes and are resolved in their heart to stick to it .
As a result , they are not easily swayed to do what is wrong ; nor do they always have to be prodded to do what is right .
Really , it is only reasonable to expect that a young person who gets baptized will uphold God’s standards even when parents or other adults are not present . ​ — Compare Philippians 2 : 12 .
6 , 7 . ( a ) Describe the challenges Daniel had when he was in Babylon . ( b ) How did Daniel prove to be mature ?
Can young people really demonstrate such maturity ?
Well , consider the Bible example of Daniel .
He may have been in his early teens when he was forcibly taken from his parents into exile in Babylon .
Suddenly , Daniel found himself living among a people who had a completely different concept of right and wrong .
In addition , there was another challenge to Daniel’s situation : He was treated as someone special in Babylon .
In fact , Daniel was one of a number of young people carefully chosen to stand before the king !
Daniel seemingly had opportunities in Babylon that he might never have had in Israel .
How did young Daniel react to all of this ?
Was he seduced by the glitter and glamour of Babylon ? Did he allow his new surroundings to change his identity or sabotage his faith ?
Not at all !
The Bible says that while in Babylon , Daniel “ resolved in his heart that he would not defile himself ” with anything associated with false worship .
Daniel showed remarkable maturity !
A mature young person does not act like a friend of God at the Kingdom Hall but a friend of the world at school ( See paragraph 8 )
What can you learn from Daniel’s example ?
What can you learn from Daniel’s example ?
For one thing , a mature young person is stable in his convictions .
He is not like a chameleon , which changes colors to fit its surroundings .
He does not act like a friend of God at the Kingdom Hall but a friend of the world at school .
Rather than getting tossed about , he remains unmovable even during tests of faith . ​ — Read Ephesians 4 : 14 , 15 .

9 , 10 . ( a ) How might a young person benefit from thinking about how he or she has reacted to recent tests of faith ?
( b ) What does baptism mean ?
Of course , no one is perfect ; young people as well as adults make mistakes from time to time .
Still , as you are considering baptism , it would be wise to analyze to what extent you are resolved in your heart to stick to Jehovah’s standards .
How could you measure the strength of your resolve ?
Ask yourself , ‘ What is my track record of adhering to God’s standards ? ’
Give thought to the way you have reacted to recent tests of faith .
Have you demonstrated that you have the discernment needed to distinguish right from wrong ?
What if , like Daniel , you are treated as special by someone in Satan’s world ?
Are you able to “ keep perceiving what the will of Jehovah is ” even when God’s will conflicts with what you are tempted to do ? ​ — Eph . 5 : 17 .
Why do we raise these frank questions ?
They are meant to help you put baptism in the right perspective .
As mentioned earlier , baptism symbolizes that you made a solemn promise to Jehovah himself .
You promise that you will love him and serve him forever with your whole heart .
Everyone who gets baptized should be determined to follow through on his promise . ​ — Read Ecclesiastes 5 : 4 , 5 .
11 , 12 . ( a ) A person who is thinking about getting baptized needs to be sure of what ?
( b ) What will help you to keep the right view of Jehovah’s arrangement of baptism ?
The Bible says that Jehovah’s people , including young ones , “ will offer themselves willingly ” for his service .
So a person who is contemplating baptism needs to be sure that this is his or her personal desire . That might call for self - scrutiny on your part . Why ?
Because your circumstance as a youth may be somewhat special . For example , you may have been raised in the truth .
Over the years , you have likely seen many people get baptized ​ — including some of your peers and perhaps even your siblings .
If that is indeed your situation , what should you be careful about ? Be alert that you do not come to view baptism as little more than a coming - of - age custom that all young people follow sooner or later .
What can you do to make sure that you will keep the right view of Jehovah’s arrangement of baptism ?
Take time often to stop and think about the reasons why getting baptized is so important .
In fact , you can find several good reasons in this article and in the next .
How can you tell whether the decision to get baptized comes from your heart ?
There are ways in which you will be able to discern whether your decision to get baptized comes from your heart .
For example , your heartfelt desire to serve Jehovah will be reflected in your prayers .
How often you pray and how specific your prayers are may well reveal how close your relationship with Jehovah is .
An important way that Jehovah answers our prayers is by directing our attention to his Word .
Thus , our effort to study the Bible is yet another indication that we really want to draw closer to Jehovah and serve him from the heart .
So ask yourself : ‘ How specific are my prayers ?
How regular is my personal study of the Bible ? ’
And if your Christian family has a Family Worship evening , ask yourself : ‘ Do I willingly share in that family arrangement ? ’
Your answers to these questions will help you to see whether your decision to get baptized is your personal desire .
Describe the difference between dedication and baptism . Some might be confused about the difference between dedication and baptism .
For example , some young people say that they have made a dedication to Jehovah but are not ready to get baptized .
Does that make sense ?
Making a dedication means telling Jehovah that you will serve him forever . At baptism , a person shows others that he is dedicated .
Therefore , baptism is a public expression of a private dedication that you have already made in prayer to Jehovah .
Before you get baptized , you need to be sure that you understand what dedication means .
What does dedication mean ?
Simply stated , when you dedicate your life to Jehovah , you give up ownership of yourself .
You promise Jehovah that you will put the doing of his will ahead of everything else in your life .
( Read Matthew 16 : 24 . )
Any promise should be taken seriously , but how much more so a promise made to Jehovah God !
How , though , can you demonstrate that you have really disowned yourself and that you now belong to Jehovah ? ​ — Rom . 14 : 8 .
16 , 17 . ( a ) Illustrate what it means to disown yourself . ( b ) What is a person who makes a dedication really saying ?
To illustrate , imagine that a friend gives you a car as a gift .
He hands you the title and says : “ The car is yours . ”
But suppose your friend adds : “ I will keep the keys . And I will be the one who drives the car , not you . ”
How would you feel about this “ gift ” ?
How would you feel about the giver ?
Now think about what Jehovah rightfully expects of a person who makes a dedication to him , a person who tells him : “ I am giving you my life .
I belong to you . ”

What if that person were to start living a double life , perhaps secretly dating an unbeliever ?
What if he were to accept employment that crippled his whole - souled service in the ministry or attendance at Christian meetings ?
Would that not be like keeping the keys to the car ?

A person who dedicates himself to Jehovah is , in effect , saying : “ My life belongs to you more than to me .
If there is ever a conflict between what you want and what I am inclined to want , what you want will win ​ — every time . ”
That would reflect the thinking of Jesus , who while on earth stated : “ I have come down from heaven to do , not my own will , but the will of him who sent me . ” ​ — John 6 : 38 .
18 , 19 . ( a ) How do the expressions of Rose and Christopher illustrate that being baptized is a privilege that leads to blessings ?
( b ) How do you feel about the privilege of baptism ?
Clearly , baptism is a sobering step that neither you nor anyone else should take lightly .
At the same time , it is a great privilege to be dedicated and baptized .
Young ones who love Jehovah and who understand what dedication means do not hold back from getting baptized ; nor do they at any time regret their decision .
“ I love Jehovah , and I couldn’t be happier doing anything but serving him , ” says a baptized teenager named Rose .
“ I have never been more sure about anything in my life than my decision to get baptized . ”


And what about Christopher , mentioned at the outset of this article ?
Did his decision to get baptized at age 12 prove to be well - founded ?
Christopher looks back on his dedication and baptism with fond appreciation .
He began serving as a regular pioneer at age 17 and was appointed as a ministerial servant at 18 .
Today he is serving at Bethel .
He says : “ Baptism was the right decision .
My life is filled with satisfying work for Jehovah and his organization . ”
If you are considering baptism , how can you prepare for it ?
The following article will address that question .
“ To do your will , O my God , is my delight . ” ​ — PS .
40 : 8 .
SONGS : 51 , 58
What does it mean to be “ persuaded to believe ” ?
What are “ holy acts of conduct ” and “ deeds of godly devotion ” ?
How can meditating on the ransom help you build your appreciation for Jehovah ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Explain why baptism is a serious step . ( b ) What should a person be sure of before getting baptized , and why ?
ARE you a young person who is considering baptism ?
If so , what lies before you is the greatest privilege any human could have .
As the preceding article pointed out , however , baptism is a serious step .
It symbolizes your dedication ​ — a solemn promise you make to Jehovah that you will serve him forever by putting his will above everything else in your life .
Understandably , you should get baptized only when you are qualified to make that decision , you have a personal desire to do so , and you understand the meaning of dedication .
What if you are not sure that you are ready for baptism ?
Or what if you want to get baptized but your parents feel that you should wait , perhaps until you gain more experience in Christian living ?
In either case , do not be discouraged .
Instead , use this opportunity to make progress so that , before long , you can get baptized .
With that objective in mind , consider how you can set goals regarding ( 1 ) your convictions , ( 2 ) your actions , and ( 3 ) your appreciation .
3 , 4 .
What lesson can young ones learn from the example of Timothy ?
Think about how you would respond to these questions : Why do I believe that God exists ?
What convinces me that the Bible is God’s inspired Word ?
Why do I feel that living by God’s moral standards is better than adopting the lifestyle of the world ?
Those questions are not designed to create doubts in your mind . Rather , they can help you to follow the apostle Paul’s admonition : “ Prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God . ”
But why did Christians in Rome need to prove to themselves something that they had already accepted ?
Consider a Bible example .
Timothy knew the Scriptures well .
He had been taught “ from infancy ” by his mother and grandmother .
Nevertheless , Paul urged Timothy : “ Continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe . ”
According to one reference work , the original - language word for “ persuaded ” has the sense “ to be convinced and certain of the truth of something . ”
Timothy had made the truth his own .
He accepted it , not because his mother and grandmother told him to do so , but because he had reasoned on it for himself and had been persuaded . ​ — Read Romans 12 : 1 .
5 , 6 .
Why is it important for you to learn to use the “ power of reason ” early in life ?
What about you ?
Perhaps you have known Bible truths for a long time .
If so , why not make it a goal to examine more closely the reasons for your beliefs ?
That will strengthen your conviction and will help you to avoid being driven by the winds of peer pressure , the world’s propaganda , or even your own feelings .
Learning to use your “ power of reason ” early in life will prepare you to give reasonable answers to your peers when they raise such questions as : ‘ How do you know for sure that there is a God ?
Why does a loving God permit evil ?
How can it be that God has always existed ? ’
When you are prepared , such questions will not weaken your faith but will spur you on to do additional personal study .
7 - 9 .
Describe how the online series of study guides , “ What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , ” can help you strengthen your conviction .
Diligent personal study can help you answer questions , resolve any doubts , and strengthen your convictions .
We have been provided with a number of tools that can help you to do that .
Many have found it helpful to consider the brochure The Origin of Life ​ — Five Questions Worth Asking and the book Is There a Creator Who Cares About You ?
In addition , many youths have enjoyed and benefited from the online feature “ What Does the Bible Really Teach ? ”
This series of study guides can be found on jw.org .
Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS .
Each study guide in this series is designed to help you strengthen your conviction about a Bible topic .
You are already familiar with the Bible , so you might quickly respond to some of the questions presented on those study guides .
But why are you sure of your answers ?
The study guides invite you to reason on a number of scriptures and then to write down your thoughts about them .
They can help you plan how you would explain your Bible - based belief to others .
The online feature “ What Does the Bible Really Teach ? ”
is helping many young ones strengthen their convictions .
If you have access to it , why not make this series a part of your personal study program ?
By strengthening your convictions , you take an important step toward baptism .
One teenage sister said : “ Before I decided to get baptized , I studied the Bible and saw that this is the true religion .
And each day that I live , that conviction gets stronger . ”
Why is it reasonable to expect that a baptized Christian would have actions in line with his faith ?
The Bible says : “ Faith by itself , without works , is dead . ”
If you have strong conviction , it is reasonable to expect that you will show it by your actions . What kind of actions ?
The Bible speaks of “ holy acts of conduct and deeds of godly devotion . ” ​ — Read 2 Peter 3 : 11 .
Explain the expression “ holy acts of conduct . ”
To manifest “ holy acts of conduct , ” you must be morally clean .
How are you doing in that regard ?
For example , think about the past six months .
How have you demonstrated that your “ powers of discernment ” have been trained to distinguish right from wrong ?
Can you think of specific occasions when you resisted temptation or peer pressure ?
Does your conduct at school speak well of your faith ?
Do you stand up for your faith rather than try to blend in with your classmates just to avoid ridicule ?
Admittedly , no one is perfect .
Even longtime servants of Jehovah may at times feel timid about taking a public stand for their faith .
However , a person who is dedicated to Jehovah will rightly be proud to bear God’s name , and he shows this by his conduct .
What are some “ deeds of godly devotion , ” and how should you view them ?
What about “ deeds of godly devotion ” ?
These include your activities in the congregation , such as your meeting attendance and participation in the ministry .
Also included are spiritual activities that others do not see , such as your private prayers and your personal study .
A person who has dedicated his life to Jehovah will not consider these deeds to be chores .
Rather , he will reflect the attitude of King David , who said : “ To do your will , O my God , is my delight , and your law is deep within me . ” ​ — Ps . 40 : 8 .
13 , 14 .
What provision can help you to perform “ deeds of godly devotion , ” and how have some young ones benefited from this provision ?
To help you set goals , we have a worksheet on pages 308 and 309 of the book Questions Young People Ask ​ — Answers That Work , Volume 2 . This worksheet invites you to write your responses to such questions as “ How specific are your prayers , and what do they reveal about your love for Jehovah ? ”
“ What do you include in your personal study ? ”
“ Do you engage in the ministry even if your parents do not ? ”
The worksheet also provides space for you to write down any goals you would like to set regarding your prayers , personal study , and ministry .
Many young ones contemplating baptism have found this worksheet to be a valuable tool .
A young sister named Tilda said : “ I used the worksheet to set goals .
One by one I reached those goals , and I was ready for baptism about a year later . ”
A young brother named Patrick benefited in a similar way . “ I already knew what my goals were , ” he noted , “ but writing them down made me work harder to reach them . ”
Would you continue to serve Jehovah even if your parents did not ?
( See paragraph 15 )
Explain why dedication should be a personal decision .
One of the most thought - provoking questions on the worksheet is this : “ Would you serve Jehovah even if your parents and friends stopped doing so ? ”
Remember , as a dedicated and baptized Christian , you will stand before Jehovah on your own .
Your service to him should not depend on others ​ — not even your parents .
Your holy acts of conduct and deeds of godly devotion give evidence that you have made the truth your own and that you are progressing toward baptism .

16 , 17 . ( a ) What should motivate a person to become a Christian ?
( b ) How can appreciation for the ransom be illustrated ?
A man well - versed in the Mosaic Law asked Jesus : “ Which is the greatest commandment ? ”
Jesus answered : “ You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind . ”
Jesus there identified what should be the motive behind Christian works , including baptism ​ — wholehearted love for Jehovah .
One of the best ways that you can grow in your love for Jehovah is to meditate on the greatest gift Jehovah has provided ​ — the ransom sacrifice of his Son .
( Read 2 Corinthians 5 : 14 , 15 ; 1 John 4 : 9 , 19 . )
Thinking about the ransom and what it means for you will motivate you to respond appreciatively .
Your response to the ransom might be illustrated this way : Imagine that someone rescued you from drowning .
Would you simply go home , dry yourself off , and forget about what was done for you ?
Of course not !
You would certainly feel indebted to the person who rescued you .
The fact is , you would owe that person your life !
We owe Jehovah God and Jesus Christ much more .
Without the ransom , each of us would , in a sense , drown in sin and death .
But because of this great act of love , we now have the incomparable prospect of living forever on a paradise earth !
18 , 19 . ( a ) Why should you not fear belonging to Jehovah ?
( b ) How does serving Jehovah make your life better ?
Do you appreciate what Jehovah has done for you ?
Then it would be fitting to dedicate your life to Jehovah and get baptized .
Remember , dedication involves a solemn promise to Jehovah to do his will forever , no matter what happens .
Should you be afraid to make such a commitment ?
Not at all !
Bear in mind that Jehovah has your best interests at heart , and he is “ the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him . ”
Dedicating yourself to Jehovah and getting baptized do not make your life worse .
On the contrary , serving Jehovah will make your life better .
A 24 - year - old brother who got baptized before he was a teenager says : “ I may have had a deeper understanding if I had been older , but making the decision to dedicate myself to Jehovah protected me from worldly pursuits . ”
How different Jehovah is from Satan , whose interest in you is only selfish !
Satan offers no lasting reward to those who side with him .
And really , how could he ? Satan himself has no good news to contemplate , no bright hope on the horizon .
How can he give you something that he does not possess ?
Satan can offer you nothing more than a dismal future , like the future that is ahead for him ! ​ — Rev .
20 : 10 .
What can a young person do in order to progress toward dedication and baptism ?
( See also the box “ To Help You Grow Spiritually . ” )
Clearly , dedicating your life to Jehovah is the right thing to do . Are you ready to take that step ?
If so , do not hold back .
On the other hand , if you need more time , use the suggestions in this article to keep moving forward .
Paul wrote to the Philippians : “ To the extent we have made progress , let us go on walking orderly in this same course . ”

If you follow that advice , you will soon want to dedicate your life to Jehovah and get baptized .
“ How Can I Improve in My Prayers ? ” ​ — November 2008
“ How Can I Make Bible Reading Enjoyable ? ” ​ — April 2009
“ Who Am I ? ” ​ — October 2011
“ How Can I Enjoy Studying the Bible ? ” ​ — February 2012
“ Why Go to Christian Meetings ? ” ​ — April 2012
VOLUME 1
“ How Can I Make Worship of God Enjoyable ? ” ​ — chap . 38
“ Why Am I Afraid to Share My Faith at School ? ” ​ — chap . 17
VOLUME 2
“ Why Live by Bible Standards ? ” ​ — chap . 34
“ How Can I Become God’s Friend ? ” ​ — chap . 35
“ Should I Get Baptized ? ” ​ — chap . 37
“ From him all the body is harmoniously joined together and made to cooperate . ” ​ — EPH .
4 : 16 .
SONGS : 53 , 107
How are we united as we preach the good news ?
What are some things we can do to help our congregation to be united ?
How can a husband and wife stay united ?
From the beginning , what has characterized God’s works ?
FROM the beginning of creation , unity of purpose was evident .
As wisdom personified , God’s first creation said : “ I was beside [ Jehovah ] as a master worker .
I was the one he was especially fond of day by day . ”
Father and Son collaborated , and they produced the variety of life we observe today .
Cooperation continued to mark God’s works .
We see this quality in the building of the ark in Noah’s day ; the erecting , dismantling , and moving of the tabernacle as God’s people journeyed in the wilderness ; and even in the playing of music and blending of voices in harmonious praise to Jehovah at his temple .
All those endeavors depended on cooperation . ​ — Gen .
6 : 14 - 16 , 22 ; Num . 4 : 4 - 32 ; 1 Chron . 25 : 1 - 8 .
( a ) What was noteworthy about the early Christian congregation ?
( b ) What questions will we address ?
This pattern of working together characterized the early Christian congregation under its head , Jesus Christ .
The apostle Paul explained that , even though individual anointed Christians had “ different gifts ” and shared in “ different ministries ” and “ different activities , ” all were part of “ one body . ”
( Read 1 Corinthians 12 : 4 - 6 , 12 . )
But what of today ?
How can we remain harmoniously joined together in preaching the good news ? And how can we cooperate in the congregation as well as in the family ?
What vision did the apostle John receive ?
Toward the end of the first century C.E . , the apostle John received a vision of seven angels , each of whom sounded a trumpet blast .
When the fifth angel blew his trumpet , John saw “ a star ” fall from heaven to earth .
The “ star ” had a key in his hand with which he opened the shaft of an abyss .
Thick smoke poured out , and from this came a plague of locusts .
Rather than ravage vegetation , the symbolic locusts swarm against “ those people who do not have the seal of God on their foreheads . ”
John no doubt knew how devastating a locust swarm could be .
Had not locusts plagued ancient Egypt in Moses ’ day ?
The figurative locusts that John saw well illustrate anointed Christians proclaiming Jehovah’s powerful judgment messages .
They are joined now by millions of companions with an earthly hope .
Little wonder that our united preaching undermines the authority Satan exercises through his worldwide empire of false religion !
What work do God’s people have to do , and what is the only way that they can do this ?
Jehovah’s people have the enormous task of preaching the “ good news ” worldwide before the end of this system .
This includes inviting “ anyone thirsting ” to drink “ life’s water free . ” As members of the Christian congregation , how can we succeed in doing this ?
Only by being “ harmoniously joined together and made to cooperate . ” ​ — Eph . 4 : 16 .
5 , 6 .
How are we united as we preach the good news ?
To share the message of the Kingdom good news with as many people as possible , we need to carry out our preaching work in an organized manner .
Therefore , we receive directions .
The guidance given through congregations around the globe prepares us for a united effort .

After we meet for field service , we go forth to proclaim the Kingdom message to mankind .
By word of mouth and through millions of copies of Bible - based publications , we spread the message .
Do you strive to follow the direction to share in special preaching campaigns ?
By doing so , you are joining millions of others in unitedly heralding the message of the “ angel flying in midheaven , ” mentioned at Revelation 14 : 6 .
What a thrill it is to read in the Yearbook the combined results of our activity ! Think , too , of how we are united as we distribute invitations to regional , special , and international conventions .
At these gatherings , we listen to motivating Scriptural talks and give attention to dramas and demonstrations .
These parts often highlight God’s loving appeal to serve him with all our being .
The commemoration of Jesus ’ death also unites us .
With appreciation for God’s undeserved kindness and in obedience to Jesus ’ direction , we gather for that event yearly , after sundown on Nisan 14 .
And attendance is not restricted to baptized Witnesses .
In the weeks before the Memorial , we cover as much of our congregation’s territory as possible , inviting others to join us for that important occasion .
As we work together , what are we able to do ?
A solitary locust does not have a great impact .
In a somewhat similar way , our individual efforts might seem insignificant .
But by working together , we are able to direct the attention of millions of people to the one who deserves all praise and honor , Jehovah !
However , this is not the only way that our cooperation contributes to the unity of God’s people .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What illustration did Paul use to teach Christians to stay united ?
( b ) How can we cooperate in the congregation ?
In his letter to the Ephesians , Paul outlined both the organization of the congregation and the need to “ grow up in all things . ”
( Read Ephesians 4 : 15 , 16 . )
What will help us individually to progress toward that goal ? Using the example of the human body , Paul focused on unity under the head of the congregation , Jesus Christ .
The apostle spoke of cooperating “ through every joint that gives what is needed . ”
How can each of us , whether young or old , strong or frail , contribute to the unity and spirituality of the congregation ?
A key is to submit ourselves to and respect those whom Jesus has designated to provide direction in the congregation , the elders .
We may not always find this easy to do .
However , we can with confidence request God’s guidance .
His active force can help us to support the congregation arrangements wholeheartedly .
So if we on occasion do not feel inclined to follow the direction given , we should reflect on how our humbly cooperating will contribute to the unity in the congregation .
Furthermore , cooperating in matters like these will likely help all of us to grow in love .
How do ministerial servants help the congregation to be united ?
( See opening picture . )
Ministerial servants make a much - appreciated contribution to the unity of a congregation .
These brothers , whatever their age , selflessly render services that benefit all .
For example , they assist the elders by making sure that we have supplies of publications for the ministry .
Additionally , they often care for regular cleaning and maintenance of the Kingdom Hall , and they welcome visitors who attend our meetings .
As we cooperate with these brothers , we contribute to the smooth operation of the congregation . ​ — Compare Acts 6 : 3 - 6 .
What may younger ones do to help their congregation be united ?
Many mature brothers have shouldered congregation responsibilities for years .
But advancing age may now limit what they can do , so adjustments become necessary .

Younger brothers can be of great assistance .
Though they have yet to gain experience , through training they can be helped to take on more responsibility .
How fine it is when ministerial servants reach out to qualify as elders !
Some younger elders have progressed to the point that they qualify for circuit work , serving brothers and sisters in many congregations .
Are we not grateful for the willing support that younger people provide ? ​ — Read Psalm 110 : 3 ; Ecclesiastes 12 : 1 .
12 , 13 .

What can help all in the family to cooperate with one another ?

Taking our discussion of cooperation a step further , let us see how we can promote cooperation in our family .
Many have found that having a productive Family Worship session each week helps to cement the bond between young and old .
During these pleasant times , we focus on spiritual matters , and this contributes to the unity of the family .
Practicing for the field ministry can equip the family to be better prepared to preach effectively .

And it is not hard to see that when members of a family share comments about God’s Word , they are drawn closer together ​ — all love the same God and all are interested in doing his will .

Family worship strengthens the bond between young and old ( See paragraphs 12 , 15 )
What can married couples do to cooperate to Jehovah’s praise ?
When both mates are faithful servants of Jehovah , they can rejoice in the unity that this affords them .
Abraham and Sarah , Isaac and Rebekah , Elkanah and Hannah ​ — all expressed their love for their mate .
We should make it a point to do the same . That will unite us with our mate and draw us closer to our heavenly Father . ​ — Read Ecclesiastes 4 : 12 .

If your husband or wife is not serving Jehovah , what can you do to keep your marriage strong ?
Christians are to avoid becoming unevenly yoked with unbelievers .
What of our brothers and sisters who live in religiously divided households ?
Some now serving God were married when they learned the truth , and their mate is not a Witness .
Still , applying Bible principles can contribute to harmony in the family .
That involves cooperating to the greatest extent possible without compromising .
This may be challenging , but think of the possible reward .
Applying Bible principles can also become challenging when a marriage mate drifts away from the congregation .
This happened to a Christian sister named Mary .
She and her husband , David , served Jehovah together , but then , some 25 years ago , he stopped attending congregation meetings .
Mary faithfully went to meetings and conventions and strove to apply Bible principles at home , including teaching their six children .
When the children became adults and left home , Mary felt very much alone .
Then David began to read the magazines that she left out for him .
In time , he returned to the Kingdom Hall , where his six - year - old grandson would save a seat for him .
If David did not come , the boy would later say , “ I missed you at the meeting today , Grandpa . ”
David is now happily serving Jehovah , and Mary is filled with joy that they are doing so together .
How can older married ones help younger ones ?
In view of Satan’s attack on the family today , it is vital for all of God’s servants to maintain good cooperation in their marriage .
No matter how long you have been married , give thought to what you personally can say or do to strengthen your marriage .
Older ones can even assist younger members of the congregation in this regard .
You might on occasion invite a younger couple to your home to share in family worship with you and your mate .
While the younger ones are with you , they can observe that affection and harmony are important no matter how long one has been married . ​ — Titus 2 : 3 - 7 .
16 , 17 .
What do God’s united servants look forward to ?
Picture the Israelites in Bible times praising Jehovah during a festival at his temple in Jerusalem .
They would have prepared for the journey , cared for one another’s needs en route , and then been united in worship at the temple .
All of this called for cooperation .
As we continue our journey toward the new world , we too need to be harmoniously joined together and cooperating .
This takes regular , conscientious effort .
Do you need to give this matter more attention ?

Think of what blessings await us !

We have already left behind the disunity and confusion marking the present system of things .
We now see being fulfilled what both Isaiah and Micah foretold ​ — God’s people are unitedly going up to “ the mountain of Jehovah . ”

“ This is the way . Walk in it . ” ​ — ISA .
30 : 21 .
SONGS : 65 , 48
Jehovah provided what guidance in the days of Noah and Moses ?
What new guidance did God provide for Christians ?
How can we show that we are looking to God for guidance ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Many lives have been saved by what warning ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) God’s people have what guidance that can save their lives ?
“ STOP , LOOK , LISTEN . ”
Those words have saved countless lives . More than 100 years ago , large signs bearing those words were posted at railroad crossings in North America .
For what reason ?
So that vehicles on the road would not be crossing railroad tracks at the wrong moment and be struck by a speeding train .
Yes , paying attention to that warning has saved lives .
Jehovah does something better than posting safety signs .
He stands before his people , as it were , pointing them toward everlasting life , away from dangers .
More than that , he acts like a loving shepherd to his flock , calling out to the sheep proper direction and warnings so that they can avoid dangerous paths . ​ — Read Isaiah 30 : 20 , 21 .
How did the human family get on a path leading to death ?
Down through history , Jehovah has provided specific instructions or directions .
For example , in the garden of Eden , Jehovah gave clear instructions that could guide the human family to everlasting life and happiness .
Had Adam and Eve obeyed his direction , they would have been spared tragic consequences ​ — a life filled with pain and ending in their death with no hope .
But rather than obey , Eve listened to advice that seemed to come from a lowly animal .
Adam , in turn , listened to her voice , the voice of a mortal human .
Both of them turned their backs on their loving Father’s guidance .
Consequently , the human family in general was on a fatal path .
( a ) Why were additional guidelines needed after the Flood ?
( b ) How did new circumstances reveal God’s thinking ?
During Noah’s lifetime , God gave guidance that led to preservation .
After the Flood , Jehovah issued a specific prohibition about blood .
Why the need for that ?
There were new circumstances .
Jehovah was going to permit animal flesh to be a source of food for humans .
Hence , new guidelines were required : “ Only flesh with its life ​ — its blood — ​ you must not eat . ”
The changed circumstances clearly revealed God’s thinking about what belongs to him , namely , life .
As Creator and Life - Giver , he has the right to make rules about life .
For example , he decreed that humans were not to take the life of their fellow man .
God considers life and blood to be sacred , and he will hold accountable anyone who misuses either . ​ — Gen . 9 : 5 , 6 .
What will we now examine , and why ?
Let us look at a few examples of how God continued to provide guidance through the centuries .
This review will bolster our resolve to follow Jehovah’s lead into the new world .
Why was it necessary for God’s people to obey the laws given through Moses , and what attitude did the Israelites need to have ?
In Moses ’ day , clear guidelines on proper conduct and manner of worship were needed .
Why ?
Again , changed circumstances were involved .
For more than two centuries , Jacob’s descendants lived under Egyptian rule in a land saturated with worship of the dead , use of idols , and other God - dishonoring beliefs and practices .
When God’s people escaped the tyranny of Egypt , new directions were needed .
God’s people would be living , not as a captive group of people , but as a freed nation solely under Jehovah’s Law .
Some reference works say that the Hebrew word for “ law ” is related to a root word having the sense of “ direct , guide , instruct . ”
The Mosaic Law acted as a protective wall against the degraded moral and religious acts of other nations .
When Israel listened to God , the nation received his blessing .
When they ignored him , they suffered dire consequences . ​ — Read Deuteronomy 28 : 1 , 2 , 15 .
( a ) Explain why Jehovah gave directions to his people . ( b ) How was the Law a guardian for Israel ? Directions were needed for another reason .
The Law pointed to an important development as to Jehovah’s will .
That was the coming of the Messiah , Jesus Christ .
The Law made it clear as never before that the Israelites were imperfect .
It also impressed on them the need for a ransom , a perfect sacrifice that would fully cover sin .
Furthermore , the Law helped to preserve the genealogical line leading to the Messiah and to identify him when he appeared .
Yes , the Law acted as a temporary tutor , or “ guardian , ” leading to Christ . ​ — Gal . 3 : 23 , 24 .
Why should we be guided by the principles of the Mosaic Law ?
As Christians , we too can benefit from the guidelines that were given in the Law to the nation of Israel .
How so ?
We can stop and look at the underlying principles of the Law .
Even though we are not under those laws , we can view many of them as trustworthy guides in our daily lives and our worship of our holy God , Jehovah .
He had those laws recorded in the Bible so that we could learn from them , be guided by the principles , and appreciate the higher moral standards for Christians .
Listen to what Jesus said : “ You heard that it was said : ‘ You must not commit adultery . ’ But I say to you that everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart . ”
Thus , we need to avoid not only the act of adultery but also the sexual craving to share in immorality . ​ — Matt . 5 : 27 , 28 .
What new circumstances made new direction from God necessary ?
The arrival of Jesus as the Messiah made it necessary to have new divine direction and a further revealing of Jehovah’s purpose .
This was because , once again , new circumstances arose .
In 33 C.E . , Jehovah switched his favor from the congregation of natural Israel to the Christian congregation .
Why were new laws given to the Christian congregation , and how were these different from those given to the Israelites ?
During the first century , God’s people who came into the Christian arrangement received new or expanded instructions on worship and conduct .
These devoted servants of God were under a new covenant .
The Mosaic Law was given to one nation ​ — fleshly Israel . In contrast , spiritual Israel would be made up of people from many nations and backgrounds .
Truly , “ God is not partial , but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him . ”
The Mosaic Law governed fleshly Israel in the Promised Land with laws carved on stone .
For spiritual Israel , “ the law of the Christ ” was mainly based on principles inscribed on hearts .
“ The law of the Christ ” would apply to and benefit Christians wherever they lived . ​ — Gal .
6 : 2 .
What are two aspects of Christian life that would be affected by “ the law of the Christ ” ?
Spiritual Israel would benefit greatly from guidance from God through his Son .
Just prior to the establishment of the new covenant , Jesus gave two significant commands .
One dealt with the preaching work .
The other focused on the conduct of Jesus ’ followers and how they were to treat fellow believers .
These directives were for all Christians ; thus they apply to all true worshippers today , whether their hope is heavenly or earthly .
What was new about the preaching work ? Consider the preaching of the good news that Jesus would have his followers do .
The method and the scope of the preaching work were new .
In earlier centuries , people of the nations were welcomed when they came to Israel to serve Jehovah .
That was before Jesus gave the command that we find at Matthew 28 : 19 , 20 .
( Read . )
Jesus ’ disciples were told to “ go ” to all people .
On the day of Pentecost 33 C.E . , there was an early evidence of Jehovah’s changed strategy ​ — that of a global evangelizing work .
His holy spirit empowered about 120 members of the new congregation to speak miraculously in different tongues to Jews and proselytes .
Next , the territory expanded to the Samaritans .
Then , in the year 36 C.E . , it was further expanded to include the world of uncircumcised Gentiles .
You might say that the field of preaching enlarged from a “ pond ” of Jews to an “ ocean ” of mankind .
13 , 14 . ( a ) What is involved in Jesus ’ “ new commandment ” ?
( b ) What do we learn from the example that Jesus set ?
Now let us look at the way we treat fellow believers . Jesus introduced “ a new commandment . ”
( Read John 13 : 34 , 35 . )
That commandment involves a call not just to love one another in normal aspects of everyday life but to be willing even to surrender our life in behalf of our brother .
That was something that the Mosaic Law did not stipulate . ​ — Matt . 22 : 39 ; 1 John 3 : 16 .
Jesus set the foremost example . He loved his disciples in a self - sacrificing way .
Such love meant that he had to die in behalf of his disciples , and Jesus was prepared to do so .
And he expected his disciples , including us , to be willing to do as much .
In behalf of our fellow Christians , we may have to travel down a road involving pain and perhaps even death . ​ — 1 Thess . 2 : 8 .
15 , 16 .
What new circumstances do we now have , and how does God guide us ?
Especially since the appointment of “ the faithful and discreet slave , ” Jesus has provided his people with spiritual food at the proper time .
This food has included vital directions in response to new circumstances .
We are living in what the Bible calls “ the last days , ” and straight ahead is a tribulation like nothing that has occurred before .
Furthermore , Satan and his demons have been cast out of heaven and are confined to the vicinity of the earth , resulting in intense woe for earth’s inhabitants .
We have also been commissioned to carry out a historic and unprecedented preaching campaign that is reaching peoples and language groups as never before !
17 , 18 .
How should we respond to the guidance being given ?
We need to employ the preaching tools provided by God’s organization .
Do you desire to do that ?
Are you alert to the guidance given at our meetings on how we can use these tools and how to do so most effectively ?
Do you view these directions as guidance from God ?
Indeed , to keep receiving God’s blessing , we need to pay attention to all the directions provided through the Christian congregation .
Having an obedient spirit now will help us to follow directions during the “ great tribulation , ” which will eliminate Satan’s entire evil system .
Thereafter , we will need new directions for new world living on an earth totally free of any satanic influence .
In the earthly Paradise , scrolls will be opened to give us directions in new world living ( See paragraphs 19 , 20 )
19 , 20 .
What scrolls will be opened , and with what result ?
New directions were needed by the nation of Israel under Moses and later by the Christian congregation under “ the law of the Christ . ”
Likewise , the Bible informs us that scrolls will be opened to give us directions in new world living .
( Read Revelation 20 : 12 . )
These scrolls will most likely set forth Jehovah’s requirements for mankind at that time .
By studying these , all people , including resurrected ones , will be able to know God’s will for them .
These scrolls will surely give us further insight into Jehovah’s mind .
Guided by an ever - increasing understanding of God’s inspired Word along with what will be revealed in the new scrolls , inhabitants of the earthly Paradise will certainly treat their fellow man with love , respect , and dignity .
Imagine the educational program that will be carried out under the direction of the King , Jesus Christ !
Everlasting life awaits those who respond favorably to the “ things written in the scrolls . ” Those who maintain integrity to God through the final test will have their name written permanently by Jehovah in “ the scroll of life . ”
That can be our lot !
So if we STOP to consider God’s Word , LOOK to understand its meaning for us , and LISTEN by obeying God’s guidance now , we can look forward to surviving the great tribulation and enjoying an eternity of learning about our all - wise and loving God , Jehovah . ​ — Eccl .
3 : 11 ; Rom . 11 : 33 .



Seek to understand the practical , emotional , and spiritual needs of your brothers and sisters
BEFORE he ascended to heaven , Jesus told his disciples : “ You will be witnesses of me . . . to the most distant part of the earth . ”
How was it possible for the early Christians to meet that challenge ?
Martin Goodman , professor at Oxford University , observes that the “ sense of mission set Christians apart from other religious groups , including Jews , in the early Roman empire . ”
Jesus had traveled from place to place to carry out his ministry .
Following his example , true Christians would have understood that spreading “ the good news of the Kingdom of God ” would involve finding people who desired to know Bible truth .
This is one of the reasons why the first - century Christian congregation had “ apostles , ” a term that literally refers to those sent forth , envoys .
Jesus commanded his followers : “ Go , therefore , and make disciples of people of all the nations . ” ​ — Matt . 28 : 18 - 20 .
We do not have any of the 12 apostles of Jesus with us on earth today , but many servants of Jehovah manifest a missionary spirit .
To the invitation to expand their preaching work , they respond : “ Here I am !
Send me ! ”
Some , such as thousands of graduates of Gilead School , have moved to faraway lands .
Others have moved to a different area of their native country .
Many have learned a new language in order to be part of congregations and groups looking after the needs of those speaking that language .
These brothers and sisters who move to where there is a particular need or who learn a new language may not have had the most favorable circumstances and may not have had an easy time .
They needed a spirit of self - sacrifice to manifest their love for Jehovah and for their neighbor .
Having calculated the cost , they gave of themselves to help .
Brothers and sisters taking such steps are filling a real need .
However , circumstances differ .
Not every Witness is in a position to move to where the need is greater or to take up a new language .
So can we show a missionary spirit even in our own congregation ? Make good use of your current circumstances to fill a real need
First - century Christians had an evident missionary spirit , but it is likely that most of them stayed in their hometown .
Still , the exhortation that was given to Timothy was as valid for them as it is for all of God’s servants : “ Do the work of an evangelizer , fully accomplish your ministry . ”
The command to preach the Kingdom message and to make disciples applies to all Christians wherever they are .
Moreover , many aspects of missionary work can be applied in our home congregation .
For example , a missionary in a foreign land has to adapt to new circumstances .
Many things are very different in his or her new assignment . What about us if we cannot move to where the need is greater ?
Should we conclude that we know everything about our congregation’s territory ? Or could we try to find innovative ways to reach people ?
For example , in 1940 , brothers were encouraged to schedule a day each week to do street witnessing .
Is that something that you can have a share in doing ?
Or what about the initiative to use literature display carts ?
The point is : Have you personally considered such ways of presenting the good news , ways that may be new to you ?
Encourage others to “ do the work of an evangelizer ”
Having a positive attitude will help us to be zealous and enthusiastic for the ministry .
In many cases , those who make themselves available to move to where the need is greater or to serve in another language field are very qualified publishers .
Thus they can be a blessing to many , such as when they take the lead in the field ministry .
Moreover , missionaries often take the lead in the congregation arrangements until qualified local brothers are available .
If you are a baptized male Witness , are you “ reaching out , ” being willing to serve fellow believers in your congregation ? ​ — 1 Tim .
3 : 1 . Give practical assistance
In addition to participating zealously in the field ministry and being available to take on responsibilities in the congregation , there are other areas in which we can help our congregation .
Anybody ​ — young or old , male or female — ​ can become “ a strengthening aid ” to fellow believers in need . ​ — Col . 4 : 11 , ftn .
To be of help to our fellow believers , we need to get to know them well .
The Bible exhorts us to “ consider one another ” when we meet together .
These words suggest that while we do not pry into other people’s affairs , we should seek to know and understand our brothers and their needs .
Those needs may be of a practical , emotional , or spiritual nature .
Helping fellow believers is not the responsibility of just the elders and ministerial servants .
True , there may be occasions when it would be particularly appropriate for one of those brothers to provide assistance .
Yet , all of us may be able to assist elderly brothers and sisters , or entire families , who are facing problems .
Offer emotional support to those who struggle with the anxieties of life
For instance , when Salvatore experienced a financial crisis that made it necessary for him to sell his business , his home , and many of the family’s belongings , he wondered how his family could cope .
Another family in the congregation saw the need .
They provided financial assistance , helped both Salvatore and his wife to find work , and spent many evenings listening to and encouraging the whole family .
A friendship was forged that has lasted many years .
Despite the real anxiety that marked the earlier period , both families can now look back with happy memories on the time they spent together .
For true Christians , religion is not something private .
As demonstrated by Jesus , we need to let everyone know about the wonderful Bible promises .
Whether we are in a position to move or not , we can do our best to work what is good toward all .
And we certainly can do so in the congregation where we are already serving .
By doing this , we will experience the joy of giving and will be helped to “ go on bearing fruit in every good work . ” ​ — Col .
1 : 10 ; Acts 20 : 35 .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe . It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority . This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations . To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .
Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
Table of Contents
A Story That Matters 3
The Bible Survived Decay 4
The Bible Survived Opposition 5
The Bible Survived Attempts to Alter Its Message 6
Why the Bible Has Survived 8
Did You Know ?
9
Is a World Free of Violence Possible ?
10
The Bible Changes Lives
I Failed Many Times Before I Succeeded 12
The Most Useful Comparison You May Ever Make 14
What Does the Bible Say ? 16
COVER SUBJECT | THE BIBLE ​ — A STORY OF SURVIVAL
The Bible stands alone among religious texts .
No other book has shaped the beliefs of so many people over such a long period of time .
On the other hand , no other book has prompted so much scrutiny and criticism .
For instance , some scholars doubt that modern Bibles are reliable copies of the original writings .
“ We simply cannot be sure that we have reconstructed the original text accurately , ” says one professor of religious studies .
“ We have only error - ridden copies , and the vast majority of these are centuries removed from the originals and different from them , evidently , in thousands of ways . ”
Others question the authenticity of the Bible because of their religious background .
Faizal , for example , was taught by his non - Christian family that the Bible is a holy book but that it had been changed .
“ As a result , I was somewhat suspicious when people wanted to talk to me about the Bible , ” he says .
“ After all , they didn’t have the original Bible .
It had been changed ! ”
Does it matter whether or not the Bible has been changed ?
Well , consider these questions : Can you trust the Bible’s comforting promises for the future if you do not know whether those promises were in the original text ?
Would you use Bible principles to make important decisions about your employment , family , or worship if modern Bibles were merely flawed copies recorded by humans ?
Although the original books of the Bible have disappeared , we can consult ancient copies ​ — including thousands of Bible manuscripts .
How did those manuscripts survive decay , opposition , and attempts to tamper with the text ?
How can their survival build your confidence in the authenticity of the modern Bible available to you ?
Consider the answers to those questions in the following story of survival .
COVER SUBJECT | THE BIBLE ​ — A STORY OF SURVIVAL
THE THREAT : Papyrus and parchment were the primary writing materials used by Bible writers and copyists .
* How did those materials put the Bible’s survival in jeopardy ?
Papyrus tears , discolors , and weakens easily .
“ A sheet can eventually decay into a skeleton of fibres and a handful of dust , ” say Egyptologists Richard Parkinson and Stephen Quirke .
“ When in storage , a roll can grow mould or rot with the damp and can be eaten by rodents or insects , particularly by white ants , when it is buried . ”
Some papyri , after their discovery , were exposed to excessive light or humidity , accelerating their deterioration .
Parchment is more durable than papyrus , but it too degrades if mishandled or exposed to extreme temperatures , humidity , or light .
* Parchment is also a target of insects .
Consequently , for ancient records , states the book Everyday Writing in the Graeco - Roman East , “ survival is the exception rather than the rule . ”
If the Bible had thus decayed , its message would have died with it .
HOW THE BIBLE SURVIVED : Jewish law compelled every king to “ write for himself in a book a copy of this Law , ” the first five books of the Bible .
Moreover , professional copyists produced so many manuscripts that by the first century C.E . , the Scriptures could be found in synagogues throughout Israel and even in distant Macedonia !
How did some very old manuscripts survive until today ?
Manuscripts known as the Dead Sea Scrolls survived for centuries in clay jars stored in caves in a dry climate
“ Jews were known to put scrolls containing Scripture in pitchers or jars in order to preserve them , ” says New Testament scholar Philip W .
Comfort .

Christians evidently continued that tradition .
Consequently , some early Bible manuscripts have been discovered in clay jars , as well as in dark closets and caves and in exceptionally dry regions .
THE RESULT : Thousands of portions of Bible manuscripts ​ — some over 2,000 years old — ​ survive to this day .
No other ancient text has so many manuscripts from so long ago .
Papyrus is a writing material made from an aquatic plant of the same name . Parchment is made from animal skins .
For example , the official signed copy of the U.S .
Declaration of Independence was written on parchment .
Now , less than 250 years later , it has faded to the point of being barely legible .

COVER SUBJECT | THE BIBLE ​ — A STORY OF SURVIVAL
THE THREAT : Many political and religious leaders pursued an agenda contrary to the Bible’s message .
Often , they used their authority to stop people from owning , producing , or translating the Bible .
Consider two examples :
About 167 B.C.E . : Seleucid King Antiochus Epiphanes , who sought to force Greek religion on the Jews , ordered all copies of the Hebrew Scriptures to be destroyed .
His officials “ tore and burnt the rolls of the Law whenever they found them , ” wrote historian Heinrich Graetz , “ and killed those who were found to seek strength and consolation in their perusal . ”
Middle Ages : Some Catholic leaders , upset that the laity were preaching what the Bible teaches rather than Catholic dogma , branded as heretics any laymen who possessed Bible books other than the Psalms in Latin .
One church council enforced the command by directing that their men “ diligently , faithfully , and frequently seek out the heretics . . . by searching all houses and subterranean chambers which lie under any suspicion . . . .
The house in which any heretic shall be found shall be destroyed . ”
If the Bible’s enemies had succeeded in stamping it out , its message would have disappeared .
William Tyndale’s English translation of the Bible survived despite a ban , Bible burnings , and the execution of Tyndale himself in 1536
HOW THE BIBLE SURVIVED : King Antiochus focused his campaign on Israel , but the Jews had formed communities in numerous other lands .
In fact , scholars estimate that by the first century C.E . , over 60 percent of Jews lived outside Israel .
In their synagogues , the Jews kept copies of the Scriptures ​ — the same Scriptures that were used by future generations , including Christians . ​ — Acts 15 : 21 .
During the Middle Ages , lovers of the Bible braved persecution and continued to translate and copy the Scriptures .
Even before the movable - type printing press was invented in the middle of the 15th century , portions of the Bible may have been available in as many as 33 languages .
Thereafter , the Bible was translated and produced at an unprecedented pace .
THE RESULT : Despite threats from powerful kings and misguided clergymen , the Bible is the most widely distributed and most translated book in history .
It has shaped the laws and languages of some countries , as well as the lives of millions .
The Masoretes carefully copied the Scriptures
COVER SUBJECT | THE BIBLE ​ — A STORY OF SURVIVAL
THE THREAT : External threats such as decay and opposition have not destroyed the Bible .
Yet , some copyists and translators have attempted to alter the Bible’s message .
At times , they have tried to make the Bible conform to their doctrines rather than conform their doctrines to the Bible .
Consider some examples :
Place of worship : Between the fourth and second centuries B.C.E . , the writers of the Samaritan Pentateuch inserted after Exodus 20 : 17 the words “ in Aargaareezem .
And there you shall build an altar . ”
The Samaritans thus hoped to make the Scriptures support their construction of a temple on “ Aargaareezem , ” or Mount Gerizim .
Trinity doctrine : Less than 300 years after the Bible was completed , a Trinitarian writer added to 1 John 5 : 7 the words “ in heaven , the Father , the Word , and the Holy Ghost : and these three are one . ”
That statement did not appear in the original text .
“ From the sixth century onwards , ” notes Bible scholar Bruce Metzger , those words were “ found more and more frequently in manuscripts of the Old Latin and of the [ Latin ] Vulgate . ”
Divine name : Citing a Jewish superstition as their authority , many Bible translators decided to remove the divine name from the Scriptures .
They replaced that name with titles such as “ God ” or “ Lord , ” expressions applied in the Bible not only to the Creator but also to men , objects of false worship , and even the Devil . ​ — John 10 : 34 , 35 ; 1 Corinthians 8 : 5 , 6 ; 2 Corinthians 4 : 4 .
*
HOW THE BIBLE SURVIVED : First , although some Bible copyists were careless or even deceitful , many others were highly skilled and meticulous .
Between the sixth and tenth centuries C.E . , the Masoretes copied the Hebrew Scriptures and produced what is known as the Masoretic text .
They reportedly counted the words and the letters to verify that no mistakes crept in .
Where they suspected errors in the master text they were using , they noted these in the margin .
The Masoretes refused to tamper with the Bible text .
“ Interfering with it purposely , ” wrote Professor Moshe Goshen - Gottstein , “ would have been for them the worst crime possible . ”
Second , the sheer volume of manuscripts today actually helps Bible scholars to spot errors .
For example , religious leaders taught for centuries that their Latin versions contained the authentic Bible text .
Yet , at 1 John 5 : 7 , they had inserted the spurious words referred to earlier in this article .
The error even crept into the influential English King James Version !
But when other manuscripts were discovered , what did they reveal ?
Bruce Metzger wrote : “ The passage [ at 1 John 5 : 7 ] is absent from the manuscripts of all ancient versions ( Syriac , Coptic , Armenian , Ethiopic , Arabic , Slavonic ) , except the Latin . ”
As a result , revised editions of the King James Version and other Bibles have removed the erroneous phrase .
Chester Beatty P46 , a papyrus Bible manuscript from about 200 C.E .
Do older manuscripts prove that the Bible’s message has been preserved ?
When the Dead Sea Scrolls were found in 1947 , scholars could at last compare the Hebrew Masoretic text to what appeared in Bible scrolls that had been written more than a thousand years earlier .
A member of the editorial team of the Dead Sea Scrolls concluded that one scroll “ provides irrefutable proof that the transmission of the biblical text through a period of more than one thousand years by the hands of Jewish copyists has been extremely faithful and careful . ”
The Chester Beatty Library in Dublin , Ireland , features a collection of papyri that represents nearly every book of the Christian Greek Scriptures , including manuscripts dating from the second century C.E . ​ — only about 100 years after the Bible was completed .
“ Although the Papyri supply a wealth of new information on textual detail , ” The Anchor Bible Dictionary observes , “ they also demonstrate remarkable stability in the transmission history of the biblical text . ”
“ It may be safely said that no other work of antiquity has been so accurately transmitted ”
THE RESULT : Rather than corrupting the Bible text , the age and multitude of Bible manuscripts have actually improved it .
“ No other ancient book has anything like such early and plentiful testimony to its text , ” wrote Sir Frederic Kenyon about the Christian Greek Scriptures , “ and no unbiased scholar would deny that the text that has come down to us is substantially sound . ”
And regarding the Hebrew Scriptures , scholar William Henry Green stated : “ It may be safely said that no other work of antiquity has been so accurately transmitted . ”
For more information , see Appendixes A4 and A5 in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures , available at www.jw.org .
COVER SUBJECT | THE BIBLE ​ — A STORY OF SURVIVAL
The Bible has survived .
As a result , you can obtain and read a copy of it today .
And when you choose a good translation of the Scriptures , you can be certain that you are reading a dependable copy of the original writings .
* But why has the Bible endured despite natural decay , fierce opposition , and deliberate tampering with its message , often with astounding accounts of survival ?
What is so special about that book ?
“ I am now convinced that the Bible that I have is a gift from God ”
Many students of the Bible have come to the same conclusion as the apostle Paul , who wrote : “ All Scripture is inspired of God . ”
They believe that the Bible has survived because it is the unique Word of God and because God has preserved it until today .
Faizal , quoted in the opening article of this series , eventually decided to investigate those claims for himself by studying the Bible .
What he discovered surprised him .
He soon learned that many of the teachings that are prevalent in Christendom are not found in the Bible .
Furthermore , he was touched by God’s purpose for the earth as revealed in His Word .
“ I am now convinced that the Bible that I have is a gift from God , ” he says .
“ After all , if God can make the universe , wouldn’t he have the power to give us a book and preserve it for us ?
To say otherwise would be to limit God’s power .
To limit the power of the Almighty ​ — who am I to do that ? ” ​ — Isaiah 40 : 8 .
See the article “ How Can You Choose a Good Bible Translation ? ”
in the May 1 , 2008 , issue of this magazine .
This series of articles has discussed the preservation of the Bible .
But how can you be sure that the Bible is really “ the word of God ” and not just a collection of myths and legends ?
Watch the short video How Can We Be Sure the Bible Is True ?
at www.jw.org .
( Click the Search button , and enter the title )
Have you or a member of your family ever been a victim of violence ?
Do you have reason to be afraid that you will ?
Violence has been called a “ growing public health problem across the world . ”
Consider some examples .
DOMESTIC AND SEXUAL VIOLENCE : “ One in three women has been a victim of physical or sexual violence by an intimate partner at some point in her lifetime , ” reports the United Nations .
Sadly , “ it is estimated that , worldwide , one in five women will become a victim of rape or attempted rape . ”
STREET CRIME : Reportedly , more than 30,000 violent gangs are criminally active in the United States .
In Latin America , nearly 1 person in every 3 has reported being a victim of violent crime .
HOMICIDES : It is estimated that almost half a million people were murdered during one recent year , more than those killed in wars .

Southern Africa and Central America had the highest average murder rate , over four times the world average .
More than 100,000 people were murdered in Latin America in one year , and some 50,000 in Brazil alone .
Can a lasting solution to violence be found ?
Why is violence so widespread ?
Many causes have been identified , including the following : tension arising from social and economic inequalities , a general disdain for the lives of others , the abuse of alcohol and drugs , the exposure of children to the violent behavior of adults , and the fact that violent criminals act with seeming impunity .
Admittedly , progress in curbing violence has been made in some parts of the world .
The densely populated city of São Paulo , Brazil , reportedly saw a reduction in homicides of about 80 percent in the last decade .
Still , violent crime of all sorts is rampant in that city , and the homicide rate remains about 10 per 100,000 inhabitants .
What , then , will it take to end violence once and for all ?
A lasting solution to violence ultimately involves people ​ — their attitudes and behavior .
For violent people to change , such traits as pride , greed , and selfishness need to give way to love , respect , and concern for others .
What can motivate a person to make such drastic changes ?
Think about what the Bible teaches :
“ This is what the love of God means , that we observe his commandments . ” ​ — 1 John 5 : 3 .
“ The fear of Jehovah means the hating of bad . ” * ​ — Proverbs 8 : 13 .
Love for God and a fear of displeasing him are such strong motivating forces that they can help even violent people change their lives ​ — not superficially , but to the point of transforming their entire personality .
Does this really happen ?
Consider Alex , * who has spent the last 19 years in the Brazilian prison system for several acts of assault .
He became one of Jehovah’s Witnesses in the year 2000 , after studying the Bible with the Witnesses .
Has he truly changed his violent behavior ?
Yes , and Alex deeply regrets all the bad things he did .
He says : “ I have come to love God for allowing me to feel genuinely forgiven .
Gratitude and love for Jehovah have helped me to change my ways . ”
César , also in Brazil , was involved in burglary and armed robbery .
That was his way of life for some 15 years .
What made him change ?
While in prison , he was contacted by Jehovah’s Witnesses , and he too studied the Bible .
César explains : “ For the first time , I found a purpose in life .
I learned to love God . I also learned to fear him ​ — a wholesome fear of returning to doing what is bad and making Jehovah sad .
I did not want to show myself ungrateful for his kindness .
That love and fear motivated me to change . ”
Learn how you can live in a world free of violence
What do those experiences show us ?
That the Bible has the power to transform people’s lives profoundly ​ — by changing their way of thinking .
Alex , mentioned earlier , adds : “ What I learned from the Bible was like clean water pouring through me , gradually purifying me by washing away bad thoughts .
These were things I never imagined I would be able to get rid of . ”
Yes , when we fill our minds with the Bible’s clean message , it can expel or wash away badness .
God’s Word has cleansing power .
The result is that cruel and selfish people can change their ways and become kind and peaceable .
They experience peace in their lives by applying Bible principles . ​ — Isaiah 48 : 18 .
More than eight million of Jehovah’s Witnesses in 240 lands have discovered the key to eradicating violence .
People of all races and from all social levels and backgrounds have learned to love and fear God and also to love one another , living peaceably as a worldwide family .
They are living proof that a world free of violence is possible .
The Bible promises that God will soon cleanse this earth of violence .
Today’s violent world is facing God’s “ day of judgment and of destruction of the ungodly people . ”
No more will violent people make others suffer .
How can we be sure that God wants to intervene and eradicate violence ?
God “ hates anyone who loves violence , ” says the Bible .
The Creator loves peace and justice .
That is why he will not tolerate violent people forever .
Yes , a new world of peace is coming .
Why not learn more about how you can qualify to live in that world free of violence ?
Jehovah is the name of God as found in the Bible .
Names have been changed . A man relates his life experience in the short video From Prison to Prosperity at www.jw.org .
( Click the Search button , and enter the title )
SOME PEOPLE BELIEVE that religion is a human invention ; others think that God uses religion to help people draw close to him .
What do you think ?
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
There is a “ religion that is clean and undefiled from the standpoint of our God and Father . ”
Pure , or true , religion comes from God .
WHAT ELSE WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE
To please God , a religion must be based on Bible truth . ​ — John 4 : 23 , 24 .
Religions based on human ideas are futile . ​ — Mark 7 : 7 , 8 .
WHAT WOULD YOU SAY ?
Yes
No
It depends
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
“ Let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works , not forsaking our meeting together . ”
God wants his worshippers to gather as an organized group .
WHAT ELSE WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE
Those who worship God together should be united in belief . ​ — 1 Corinthians 1 : 10 , 11 .
Members of the religion that God approves form a worldwide brotherhood . ​ — 1 Peter 2 : 17 .
For more information , see chapter 15 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
If the Bible is from God , should it be able to endure any threat to its existence ?
The Bible itself says : “ The green grass dries up , the blossom withers , but the word of our God endures forever . ” ​ — Isaiah 40 : 8 .
This series of articles discusses the Bible’s fascinating story of survival .
3 Is Your Ministry Like the Dew ?
5 Being Faithful Leads to God’s Approval This article highlights what moved Jephthah and his daughter to live by divine principles despite challenging circumstances .
We learn why gaining God’s approval is worth any sacrifice . 10 Are You Using Your Imagination Wisely ?
13 “ Let Endurance Complete Its Work ”
To receive the gift of eternal life , we must endure to the end .
This article reviews four things that will help us to endure and three examples of steadfast endurance .
It also explains the work that endurance must complete in each of us .
18 Why Should We Meet Together for Worship ?
All Christians face obstacles that can make it difficult to attend congregation meetings .
To motivate us to overcome these obstacles , this article considers how our attending meetings affects us and others and what it means to Jehovah God .
23 Life Story ​ — Former Nuns Become True Spiritual Sisters


27 Maintain Your Neutrality in a Divided World As human governments near their end , we can expect them to become less and less tolerant of our neutral stand .
This article identifies four keys to maintaining our neutrality and avoiding compromise .
32 Questions From Readers
“ Be imitators of those who through faith and patience inherit the promises . ” ​ — HEB .
6 : 12 .
SONGS : 86 , 54
How can the example of Jephthah and his daughter help us resist worldly influences ?
What Bible principles do you find helpful in resolving personal conflicts ?
How has this article encouraged you to make sacrifices for the Kingdom ?
1 , 2 .
What challenge did Jephthah and his daughter face ?
THE anxious wait is over .
Relieved to see her father returning safely from battle , the young woman races to greet him and rejoices over his astounding victory .
Instead of joining her in song and dance , he rips apart his battle - stained garments and cries out : “ Oh no , my daughter !

You have broken my heart . ”
Then he utters the words that change her life forever , shattering her dreams and hopes of a normal life .
Yet , without hesitation , she makes a beautiful reply , encouraging her father to follow through on what he promised Jehovah .
Her words reveal her great faith .
She trusts that whatever Jehovah asks is best for her .
Her father’s heart swells with pride because he knows that his daughter’s willingness to support his decision brings Jehovah’s smile of approval .
Jephthah and his God - fearing daughter put their trust and confidence in Jehovah’s way of doing things , even when it was hard to do so .
They were convinced that gaining God’s approval was worth any sacrifice .
Why can the example of Jephthah and his daughter be helpful for us today ?
We know that it is not always easy to stay faithful to Jehovah .
The reality is that we need to “ put up a hard fight for the faith . ”
To help us do so , let us consider the challenges that Jephthah and his daughter successfully coped with .
How did they remain faithful to Jehovah ?
4 , 5 . ( a ) What command did Jehovah give the Israelites when they entered the Promised Land ?
( b ) According to Psalm 106 , what happened to the Israelites because of their disobedience ?
Every day , Jephthah and his daughter would have been reminded of the disastrous consequences of unfaithfulness to Jehovah .
Nearly 300 years earlier , their forefathers had been commanded to exterminate all the pagan inhabitants in the Promised Land .
The Israelites ’ failure to obey led many of them to adopt the sinful ways of the Canaanites , causing them to become ensnared by false gods and degenerate , immoral practices . ​ — Read Psalm 106 : 34 - 39 .
That rebellion , in turn , brought Jehovah’s disapproval ; he no longer granted them his protective care .
What a challenge it must have been for God - fearing families to remain loyal to Jehovah during those hard years !
Nevertheless , the Bible reveals that there were faithful ones , such as Jephthah and his daughter as well as Elkanah , Hannah , and Samuel , who were determined to gain God’s approval . ​ — 1 Sam .
1 : 20 - 28 ; 2 : 26 .
What worldly influences exist today , and what must we do ?
We live in a world where people think and act in ways that are similar to those in ancient Canaan ​ — they glorify sex and violence and promote materialism .
Jehovah has given us clear warnings ​ — just as he did the Israelites — ​ to safeguard us from such influences .
Will we learn from the mistakes of the Israelites ?
We must strive to remove any trace of Canaanitelike thinking from our lives .
Have we been faithful in making an effort to do so ?
( a ) What did Jephthah’s own people do to him ?
( b ) How did Jephthah react ?
In Jephthah’s day , the disobedience of the Israelites resulted in their becoming enslaved to the Philistines and the Ammonites .
However , Jephthah’s challenges came not only from the enemy nations but also from his own brothers and the leaders of Israel .
Jealousy and hatred moved his half brothers to drive him away , illegally depriving him of his rightful inheritance as firstborn .
Jephthah refused to allow their cruel behavior to control his attitude .
Instead of spitefully ignoring a plea for help from the elders of the nation , he came to their aid .
What may have motivated Jephthah to react as a spiritual man ?
8 , 9 . ( a ) What principles in the Mosaic Law may have helped Jephthah ?
( b ) What was of greatest importance to Jephthah ?
Not only was Jephthah a mighty warrior but he was a student of God’s dealings with His people .
Jephthah’s thorough grasp of Israel’s history gave him a clear picture of what was right and what was wrong in Jehovah’s eyes .
Godly principles that were embedded in the Mosaic Law molded Jephthah’s thinking as well as his heart .
He knew that Jehovah disapproved of holding grudges ; rather , God required that His people love one another .
The Law also taught that a person must not ignore the needs of others , even of someone who “ hates ” him . ​ — Read Exodus 23 : 5 ; Leviticus 19 : 17 , 18 .
Examples of faithful ones like Joseph , who showed mercy to his brothers ​ — even though “ they began to hate him ” — ​ may also have influenced Jephthah’s response .
Meditating on such examples would have helped Jephthah to choose a course of action that was pleasing to Jehovah .
The conduct of his brothers no doubt hurt him deeply , but he would not hold back from serving Jehovah and His people .
The fight to defend Jehovah’s name was more important to Jephthah than any personal conflicts .
He was determined to be faithful to Jehovah , resulting in good for himself and for others . ​ — Heb .
11 : 32 , 33 .

How can we allow divine principles to help us act as Christians today ?
Will we allow Jephthah’s example to touch our hearts ?
Perhaps we have experienced disappointment or ill - treatment from certain Christian brothers .
If so , we should not allow such challenges to hold us back from attending Christian meetings or serving Jehovah and being with the congregation to the full .
In imitation of Jephthah , we too can allow divine standards to help us overcome negative circumstances and continue to be a force for good . ​ — Rom .
12 : 20 , 21 ; Col . 3 : 13 .
11 , 12 .
What vow did Jephthah make , and what did this involve ?
Jephthah realized that he would need God’s help to free Israel from the Ammonites .
He promised Jehovah that if He gave him the victory , he would offer to Jehovah , as “ a burnt offering , ” the first one who came out of his house when he returned home from the battle .
What did that offering involve ?
The sacrificing of humans is something detestable to Jehovah .
Thus , it is clear that Jephthah did not intend to sacrifice anyone literally .
Under the Mosaic Law , a burnt offering was given entirely to Jehovah , so Jephthah evidently meant that he would devote the person to the exclusive service of God .
This promise implied permanent service at the tabernacle .
Jehovah accepted Jephthah’s terms and blessed him with a resounding victory , striking and subduing the enemy .
But who would be the person given as “ a burnt offering ” to God ?
13 , 14 .
What do Jephthah’s words recorded at Judges 11 : 35 reveal about his faith ?
Recall the scene described at the beginning of this article .
When Jephthah returns from battle , who goes out to meet him but his beloved daughter , his only child !
Now comes the test .
Will he keep his word and give over his daughter so that she could serve at the tabernacle for the rest of her life ?
Again , divine principles must have guided Jephthah to make the right choice .
Perhaps he recalled the words of Exodus 23 : 19 , which instructed God’s people to be willing to give their best to Jehovah .
The Law also indicated that once a man made a vow , fulfillment was compulsory .
It states : “ If a man makes a vow to Jehovah . . . , he must not violate his word .

He should do everything he vowed he would do . ”
Like faithful Hannah , who was probably a contemporary of his , Jephthah would be called on to live up to his vow , knowing what it meant for his own future and that of his daughter .
He had no other child ; his daughter was his only hope for a descendant , someone to carry on his name and his inheritance in Israel .
Nevertheless , Judges 11 : 35 concludes with Jephthah saying : “ I have opened my mouth to Jehovah , and I am unable to turn back . ”
His faithfulness even at great personal cost brought him God’s approval and blessing .
Would you have made the same choice ?
What vow have many of us made , and how can we prove faithful ?
When we dedicated our lives to Jehovah , we vowed that we would do his will unreservedly .
We knew that living up to that promise would require self - sacrifice .
However , our willingness is especially put to the test when we are asked to do things that are not initially to our liking .
When we make such sacrifices and serve God in a way that takes us out of our comfort zone , we prove ourselves faithful .
The resulting blessings are always far greater than any sacrifices we may make , painful as they may be .
But what about Jephthah’s daughter ?
How can we display faith like that of Jephthah and his daughter ?

( See paragraphs 16 , 17 )
How did Jephthah’s daughter react to her father’s promise ?
( See opening picture . )
It could not have been easy for Jephthah’s daughter to accept the consequences of her father’s vow .
This was different from Hannah’s vow , by which she dedicated her son Samuel to serve at the tabernacle as a Nazirite .
A Nazirite was able to marry and have a family .
But Jephthah’s daughter was to be a whole “ burnt offering ” ; she would have to forgo such joys .
As the daughter of the victorious chief and leader in Israel , she might have been given in marriage to the best man in the land .
But now she was to become a humble servant at the tabernacle .
How did the young woman respond ?
She showed that she put Jehovah’s service first by saying : “ My father , if you have opened your mouth to Jehovah , do to me as you have promised . ”
She sacrificed her natural desires for a husband and children in order to promote true worship .
How might we imitate her self - sacrificing attitude ?

( a ) How can we imitate the faith of Jephthah and his daughter ?
( b ) How do the words at Hebrews 6 : 10 - 12 encourage you to be self - sacrificing ?
Thousands of young Christian men and women are willingly sacrificing marriage or are not having children ​ — at least for now — ​ in order to serve Jehovah to the full .
Older ones too may be sacrificing the time they could otherwise spend with their children and grandchildren in order to work on theocratic construction projects or to attend the School for Kingdom Evangelizers and to serve in areas where the need for Kingdom publishers is greater .
Others set aside personal matters to share in service campaigns during the Memorial season .
Such wholehearted service brings deep joy to Jehovah , who will never forget their work and the love shown for him .

( Read Hebrews 6 : 10 - 12 . )
Would it be possible for you to make additional sacrifices to serve Jehovah more fully ?
18 , 19 .
What have we learned from the Bible account about Jephthah and his daughter , and how can we imitate them ?
Although Jephthah’s life was full of challenges , he allowed Jehovah’s thinking to guide his choices in life .
He rejected the influences of the world around him .
Bitter disappointments caused by others failed to weaken his determination to remain faithful .
His willing sacrifices and those of his daughter led to blessings , as Jehovah used both of them to promote pure worship .

At a time when others abandoned divine standards , Jephthah and his daughter clung to them .

The Bible urges us to “ be imitators of those who through faith and patience inherit the promises . ”


May we be like Jephthah and his daughter by living in harmony with a fundamental truth that their lives highlight : Faithfulness leads to God’s approval .
“ Let endurance complete its work , so that you may be complete and sound in all respects , not lacking in anything . ” ​ — JAS .
1 : 4 .
SONGS : 135 , 139
What will help you to endure ?
Who are some outstanding examples of endurance ?
What does it mean to “ let endurance complete its work ” ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What can we learn from the endurance of Gideon and his 300 men ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) According to Luke 21 : 19 , why is endurance so important ? THE battle was grueling .
Israelite soldiers led by Judge Gideon had chased their enemies ​ — the Midianite army and its allies — ​ all night for a distance of some 20 miles ( 32 km ) !
The Bible relates what happened next : “ Gideon then came to the Jordan and crossed it .
He and the 300 men with him were tired . ” Nevertheless , Gideon and his men had not yet won the war , for about 15,000 enemy soldiers remained .
After having suffered years of Midianite oppression , the Israelites knew that this was no time to give up .
So to eliminate the enemy , “ they kept up the pursuit ” and subdued Midian . ​ — Judg .
7 : 22 ; 8 : 4 , 10 , 28 .
We too are fighting a relentless battle .
Our enemies include Satan , his world , and our own imperfections .

Some of us have battled for decades , and with Jehovah’s help , we gained victories .
At times , though , we may get tired of battling our enemies and of waiting for the end of this system of things .
Indeed , we have not yet won the complete victory .
Jesus warned that we who live in the last days would face severe trials and cruel mistreatment , but he also said that gaining the victory would depend on our endurance .

( Read Luke 21 : 19 . )
What is endurance ?
What will help us to endure ?
What can we learn from those who have endured ?
And how can we “ let endurance complete its work ” ? ​ — Jas . 1 : 4 .
What is endurance ?
In the Bible , enduring means more than simply putting up with trials or adversity .
Endurance involves our mind and heart , or the way we react to hardships .
A person who endures manifests courage , steadfastness , and patience .
Endurance is “ the spirit which can bear things , not simply with resignation , but with blazing hope , ” says one reference work .
“ It is the quality which keeps a man on his feet with his face to the wind .
It is the virtue which can transmute the hardest trial into glory because beyond the pain it sees the goal . ”
Why can we say that endurance is motivated by love ?
Christian endurance is motivated by love .
( Read 1 Corinthians 13 : 4 , 7 . )
Love for Jehovah motivates us to endure anything that is in harmony with his will .
Love for our brothers helps us to endure their imperfections .
Love for our marriage mate enables us to endure “ tribulation ” that even happily married couples experience and to strengthen the marital bond . ​ — 1 Cor . 7 : 28 .
Why is Jehovah the best one to help us endure ?
Turn to Jehovah for strength .
Jehovah is “ the God who supplies endurance and comfort . ”
He alone fully understands not only the problems we face but also the way our environment , emotions , and even our genetic makeup affect us .
He is thus the best one to equip us to endure .
“ He satisfies the desire of those who fear him , ” the Bible says .
“ He hears their cry for help , and he rescues them . ”

How , though , will God answer our prayers for strength to endure ?
As promised in the Bible , how may Jehovah “ make the way out ” of trials for us ?
Read 1 Corinthians 10 : 13 .
When we ask Jehovah to help us cope with trials , he will “ make the way out . ”
Does Jehovah maneuver matters to remove the trial ?
Perhaps . Often , however , he makes the way out “ so that [ we ] may be able to endure it . ”
Yes , Jehovah strengthens us so that we “ may endure fully with patience and joy . ”
And since he knows our physical , mental , and emotional limits so intimately , Jehovah will never allow a situation to develop to a point that we cannot remain faithful .
Illustrate why we need spiritual food to endure .
Nourish your faith with spiritual food .
On Mount Everest , the world’s tallest mountain , a climber burns about 6,000 calories a day , considerably more than the average person needs .
To endure the ascent and reach their goal , climbers must consume as many calories as possible .
Similarly , to endure in our Christian course and reach our goal , we must regularly take in as much spiritual food as possible .
We need self - discipline to devote time to reading , study , and our Christian meetings .
These activities nourish our faith with “ the food that remains for everlasting life . ” ​ — John 6 : 27 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) According to Job 2 : 4 , 5 , what is involved when we face trials ?
( b ) When you face trials , what invisible scene might you imagine ?
Remember the issue of integrity .
When a servant of Jehovah faces a trial , there is much more at stake than one person’s suffering .
By the way we react to our trials , we demonstrate whether we really view Jehovah as the Universal Sovereign .
Satan , an enemy of Jehovah’s sovereignty , taunted Jehovah with the words : “ A man will give everything that he has for his life .
But , for a change , stretch out your hand and strike [ Job’s ] bone and flesh , and he will surely curse you to your very face . ”
According to Satan , no one serves Jehovah out of unselfish love .

Has Satan changed since he made that claim ?
Not at all !
Many centuries later , when he was ousted from heaven , Satan was still called “ the accuser of our brothers . . . , who accuses them day and night before our God ! ”
Satan has not forgotten the issue of integrity .
He is eager to see us surrender to our trial and withdraw our support of God’s sovereignty .
When you struggle with adversity , therefore , imagine this invisible scene .
Satan and his demonic followers are on one side , pointing to your struggles and alleging that you will buckle under the pressure and give up .
On the other side are Jehovah , his reigning Son , the resurrected anointed ones , and myriads of angels .
They are cheering you on , delighted by your daily endurance and support of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
You can take personally Jehovah’s inspired request : “ Be wise , my son , and make my heart rejoice , so that I can make a reply to him who taunts me . ” ​ — Prov .
27 : 11 .
How can you imitate Jesus in focusing on the rewards of endurance ?
Focus on the rewards of endurance .
Suppose that while traveling on a lengthy journey , you stop in the middle of a long tunnel .
Everywhere you look , it is dark .
Nevertheless , you are confident that if you keep traveling toward the end of the tunnel , you will again see light .

Similarly , you may at times feel overwhelmed by the problems you face .
Even Jesus could have felt that way .
He was the target of “ hostile speech from sinners , ” humiliation , and even painful execution on “ a torture stake ” ​ — surely the darkest period of his life on earth !
Yet , Jesus endured it all “ for the joy that was set before him . ”
He focused on the rewards of his endurance , particularly his contribution to the sanctification of God’s name and the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
The darkness of Jesus ’ trials was temporary , but the brilliance of his heavenly reward would be everlasting .
Today , the trials you face may be painful and even crushing . But remember that your tribulations on the road to eternal life are temporary .
Why should we consider the experiences of “ those who have endured ” ?
We do not have to endure alone .
To encourage Christians to endure the hardships heaped on them by Satan , the apostle Peter wrote : “ Take your stand against him , firm in the faith , knowing that the same kind of sufferings are being experienced by the entire association of your brothers in the world . ”
The experiences of “ those who have endured ” teach us how to remain steadfast , reassure us that we can succeed , and remind us that our faithful course will be rewarded .
Let us consider a few examples .
What do we learn from the example of the cherubs posted at Eden ?
The cherubs .
The example set by some of the first spirit creatures to appear to humans can teach us to endure in a difficult assignment .
Jehovah God “ posted at the east of the garden of Eden the cherubs and the flaming blade of a sword that was turning continuously to guard the way to the tree of life . ”
Surely those cherubs were not originally created for this assignment !
After all , sin and rebellion were not part of Jehovah’s purpose for mankind .
Yet , nowhere do we read that the cherubs ​ — spirit creatures of high rank — ​ complained that they were overqualified for this task .
They did not become bored and give up .
Rather , they obediently stuck to their assignment and endured until their work was completed ​ — perhaps at the time of the Flood , over 1,600 years later !
How was Job able to endure his trials ?
The patriarch Job .
If you are crushed by the discouraging words of a friend or family member , are plagued by a serious illness , or are grieved by the death of a loved one , you can find comfort in the example of Job .

Although he was unaware of the source of his troubles , Job did not give up in despair .
Why not ?
For one thing , “ he feared God . ”
Job was determined to please Jehovah in favorable and unfavorable circumstances .
With God’s help , Job reflected on the wondrous things Jehovah had already accomplished by means of His holy spirit .
Job became even more confident that Jehovah would end his trials at the right time .
And that is precisely what happened .
“ Jehovah removed Job’s tribulation and restored his prosperity .
Jehovah gave him double what he had before . ”
Job lived “ a long and satisfying life . ” ​ — Job 42 : 10 , 17 .
According to 2 Corinthians 1 : 6 , how did the endurance of Paul help others ?
The apostle Paul .
Are you facing bitter opposition , even persecution , from enemies of true worship ?
Are you a congregation elder or a circuit overseer who feels the weight of your heavy responsibilities ?
Meditate on the example of Paul .
He faced numerous “ things of an external kind ” by vicious persecutors , and he felt daily pressure on account of his anxiety for the congregations .
Yet , he refused to give up , and his example strengthened others .
( Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 6 . )
When you endure hardship , remember that your example is likely encouraging others to endure .
15 , 16 . ( a ) What “ work ” must endurance complete ?
( b ) Give examples of how we can “ let endurance complete its work . ”
Under inspiration , James wrote : “ Let endurance complete its work . ”
What “ work ” must endurance complete ? It helps us to “ be complete and sound in all respects , not lacking in anything . ”
Trials often reveal our weaknesses , aspects of our personality that we need to refine .
If we endure those trials , however , our Christian personality becomes more complete , or sound .
For example , we may become more patient , appreciative , and compassionate .
When we endure trials , our Christian personality becomes more complete ( See paragraphs 15 , 16 )
Because endurance completes the vital work of molding us as Christians , do not compromise Scriptural principles to bring an end to tests that come your way .
For instance , what if you struggle with unclean thoughts ?
Rather than give in to temptation , prayerfully reject such desires .
You will thus fortify your self - control .
Are you facing opposition from an unbelieving family member ?
Instead of yielding under pressure , be determined to maintain your pattern of wholehearted worship .
Consequently , you will strengthen your confidence in Jehovah .
Remember : To have God’s approval , we must endure . ​ — Rom .
5 : 3 - 5 ; Jas . 1 : 12 .
17 , 18 . ( a ) Illustrate the importance of enduring to the end . ( b ) As we get closer to the end , what confidence can we have ?
We must endure , not for a time , but to the end .
To illustrate : Imagine a ship that capsizes .
To survive , the passengers must swim to shore .
The swimmer who gives up only a few yards from shore faces the same fate as the swimmer who gave up much earlier .
Similarly , we are determined to endure until we reach the new world .
Our life depends on our enduring .
We have an attitude like that of the apostle Paul , who twice stated : “ We do not give up . ” ​ — 2 Cor . 4 : 1 , 16 .
We can be absolutely confident that Jehovah will help us endure to the end .

We share Paul’s conviction as expressed at Romans 8 : 37 - 39 : “ We are coming off completely victorious through the one who loved us . For I am convinced that neither death nor life nor angels nor governments nor things now here nor things to come nor powers nor height nor depth nor any other creation will be able to separate us from God’s love that is in Christ Jesus our Lord . ”
True , at times we will get tired .
But may we endure to the end , so that it may be said of us as it was said of Gideon and his men : “ They kept up the pursuit . ” ​ — Judg .
8 : 4 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 11 ) You will also find it encouraging to review the endurance of God’s people in modern times .
For example , the Yearbooks of 1992 , 1999 , and 2008 contain the faith - strengthening reports of our brothers in Ethiopia , Malawi , and Russia .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 12 ) The Bible does not say how many cherubs were assigned to this task .
“ They continued devoting themselves . . . to associating together . ” ​ — ACTS 2 : 42 .
SONGS : 20 , 119
how congregation meetings are good for us .
how we help others when we attend meetings .
how Jehovah feels when we attend meetings .
1 - 3 . ( a ) How have Christians shown that they are eager to meet together ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What will we discuss in this article ?
WHEN Corinna was only 17 years old , her mother was arrested and sent to a Soviet labor camp .
Later , Corinna herself was exiled to Siberia , thousands of miles away from her home .
Treated like a slave , she was sometimes forced to work outdoors in the bitter cold without adequate clothing .
Despite those harsh conditions , Corinna and another sister were determined to attend a congregation meeting .
“ We left our work area in the evening , ” she explains , “ and walked to a railway station 15 miles ( 25 km ) away .
The train departed at two o’clock in the morning , and we rode for six hours before disembarking and walking six miles ( 10 km ) to the meeting place . ”
Was the trip worth it ?
Corinna relates : “ At the meeting , we studied The Watchtower and sang Kingdom songs .
It was a very upbuilding and faith - strengthening experience for us . ”
Though they did not return to work until three days later , the farm manager did not even notice that Corinna and her companion had been away .
Jehovah’s people have always treasured occasions to meet together .
Immediately after the Christian congregation was formed , followers of Jesus began “ devoting themselves . . . to associating together . ”
You likely share their desire to attend congregation meetings regularly .
Nevertheless , all Christians face obstacles .
Secular work , a busy schedule , or fatigue because of our daily routine can make it difficult to attend meetings .
What will motivate us to try to overcome these obstacles and maintain a healthy pattern of meeting attendance ?
How can we help our Bible students and others to see the importance of attending meetings ?
In this article , we will consider eight reasons to meet together for worship .
We can group those reasons into three categories : how you are affected , how others are affected , and how Jehovah is affected when you attend meetings .
How does meeting together help us to learn about Jehovah ?
Meetings educate us .
Every congregation meeting helps us to learn about our God , Jehovah .
For example , over a recent period of almost two years , most congregations considered the book Draw Close to Jehovah at the Congregation Bible Study .
Did not that study of God’s qualities , along with the heartfelt comments of your brothers and sisters , strengthen your love for your heavenly Father ?
We also increase our knowledge of God’s Word by paying careful attention to talks , demonstrations , and Bible readings .
For instance , think of the spiritual gems you discover each week as you prepare for and listen to highlights from the Bible reading !
How have meetings helped you to use what you learned from the Bible and to improve the way you preach ?
Meetings teach us to apply Bible principles in all aspects of our life .
The Watchtower Study , for example , is tailored to the needs of God’s people .
Has a Watchtower Study motivated you to reevaluate your goals , to forgive a fellow Christian , or to improve the quality of your prayers ?
The midweek meeting educates us for the ministry .
We learn how to preach the good news and how to teach Scriptural principles effectively . ​ — Matt .
28 : 19 , 20 .
How do our meetings encourage us and help us to keep strong ?
Meetings encourage us .
This system of things can weaken us mentally , emotionally , and spiritually .
In contrast , congregation meetings encourage and strengthen us .
( Read Acts 15 : 30 - 32 . )
At many of our meetings , we review the fulfillment of Bible prophecy .
As a result , we reinforce our conviction that Jehovah’s promises for the future will likewise be fulfilled .
Of course , it is not just those who speak from the platform who encourage us .
Fellow Christians who offer comments and sing from the heart also build us up .
And when we converse with our brothers and sisters before and after the meetings , we feel a sense of belonging and enjoy true refreshment . ​ — 1 Cor .
16 : 17 , 18 . Why is it so important to be at our meetings ?
Meetings bring us under the influence of holy spirit .
The glorified Jesus Christ said : “ Let the one who has an ear hear what the spirit says to the congregations . ”
Yes , Jesus leads the Christian congregation by means of holy spirit .
We need holy spirit to help us resist temptation , to embolden and equip us for the ministry , and to enable us to make sound decisions .
Should we not take advantage of every provision ​ — including congregation meetings — ​ to receive that spirit ?
When our brothers see us at the meetings and hear us comment and sing , how does this help them ?
( See also the box “ He Always Leaves Feeling Better . ” )
Meetings give us opportunities to show our brothers that we love them .
Think deeply about the challenges some brothers and sisters in your congregation must endure .
No wonder the apostle Paul wrote : “ Let us be concerned about one another ” !
Paul thereafter explained that we can show our concern by “ not forsaking our meeting together . ”
Your presence at meetings shows that you deem your fellow worshippers worthy of your time , attention , and concern .
In addition , your heartfelt comments and singing encourage your fellow Witnesses . ​ — Col . 3 : 16 .
9 , 10 . ( a ) Explain how Jesus ’ words found at John 10 : 16 help us to understand why it is important to meet with our brothers . ( b ) If we are at the meetings regularly , how can we help someone who has been rejected by his family ?
Meetings unite us with fellow believers .
( Read John 10 : 16 . )
Jesus compared himself to a shepherd , and his followers to a flock of sheep .
Consider : If two sheep are on a hill , two other sheep are in a valley , and still another sheep is grazing elsewhere , would we describe those five sheep as a flock ?
Generally , a flock of sheep stays together under the care of its shepherd .
Similarly , we cannot follow our Shepherd if we deliberately isolate ourselves .
We need to meet together with other Christians to be part of “ one flock ” under “ one shepherd . ”
When we attend a meeting , we contribute to the unity of our brotherhood .
Some of our fellow worshippers have been rejected by their parents and siblings .
Yet , Jesus promised that he would give them a spiritual family to love them and care for them .
When you attend meetings regularly , you may very well prove to be a father , mother , brother , or sister to one of these dear ones !
Does that not motivate us to do our utmost to be at all the meetings ?
“ LATELY , I have been burdened with health problems that make it difficult to get to the meetings .
But once I’m there , I can enjoy the wonderful spiritual meal that Jehovah has prepared .
Even though I come with severe knee pain , heart problems , and complications from diabetes , I always leave the meeting feeling better than when I arrived .
“ When I first heard song number 68 , ‘ A Prayer of the Lowly One , ’ sung by our congregation , I was moved to tears .
It was so beautiful !
My hearing aids picked up everyone’s voice , and I sang along .
Oh , how wonderful it felt to be there ! ” ​ — George , age 58 .
How does attending meetings help us to give Jehovah what he deserves ?
Our meeting attendance gives Jehovah what he deserves .
As our Creator , Jehovah deserves praise , glory , thanksgiving , and honor .
( Read Revelation 7 : 12 . )
When we pray , sing , and speak about Jehovah at our meetings , we are giving him what he so richly deserves ​ — our worship .
We cherish the privilege to honor the One who has done so much for us .
How does Jehovah feel when we obey his command to attend meetings ?
Jehovah also deserves our obedience .
He has commanded us not to forsake our meeting together , especially during this time of the end .
When we willingly obey that command , Jehovah is pleased .
He notices and values the effort we put forth to attend each meeting . ​ — Heb . 6 : 10 .
13 , 14 .
How do we draw close to Jehovah and Jesus at meetings ?
Our meeting attendance shows Jehovah that we want to draw close to him and his Son .
At our meetings , our Grand Instructor directs us through the pages of his Word , the Bible .
Even unbelievers who attend our meetings may conclude : “ God is really among you . ”
Jehovah blesses meetings with his holy spirit and actively directs the Scriptural teaching program .
At our meetings , then , we are listening to Jehovah’s voice and sensing his loving care . Consequently , we draw close to him .
Jesus said : “ Where there are two or three gathered together in my name , there I am in their midst . ” In principle , Jesus ’ statement applies to our meetings .
As head of the congregation , Christ “ walks among ” the congregations of God’s people .
Think of it ! Jehovah and Jesus are actively involved in strengthening us at Christian meetings .
How do you think Jehovah feels when he observes our eagerness to draw close to him and his Son ?
How does going to meetings show God that we want to obey him ?
Our meeting attendance demonstrates that we support God’s sovereignty .
Although Jehovah commands us to attend meetings , he does not force us to comply .
Therefore , it is up to us to show Jehovah how deeply we love him from our heart and how firmly we support his rule .
For example , we may be pressured by an employer who insists that we sacrifice regular meeting attendance for secular work .
We may be opposed by a government that threatens us with fines , imprisonment , or worse if we meet together for worship .
Or we may be tempted to engage in recreation rather than attend a meeting .
In each of these situations , we face a choice : Whom will we serve ?
When we choose to support Jehovah’s sovereignty , we make his heart rejoice . ​ — Prov . 27 : 11 .
16 , 17 . ( a ) How do we know that meetings were very important to Christians in the first century ?
( b ) How did Brother George Gangas feel about Christian meetings ?
The early Christians did not simply meet together for a brief period following the stunning miracle at Pentecost 33 C.E .
“ They continued devoting themselves to the teaching of the apostles , to associating together . ”
The Greek word translated “ devoting themselves ” implies enduring or persevering in a course with intense effort .
Under Roman rule and faced with opposition by the Jewish religious leaders , those Christians did not find it easy to attend meetings .
Nevertheless , they persevered .
Many modern - day servants of Jehovah have shown deep appreciation for Christian meetings .
George Gangas , who served on the Governing Body for over 22 years , stated : “ To me , meeting with the brothers is one of life’s greatest pleasures and a source of encouragement .
I love to be at the Kingdom Hall among the first , and leave among the last , if possible .
I feel an inward joy when talking with God’s people .
When I am among them I feel at home with my family , in a spiritual paradise . ”
He added : “ As the compass always points to the north , just so my innermost thought and desire is to attend the meetings . ”
How do you feel about our meetings , and what are you determined to do ?
Do you feel the same way about gathering together to worship Jehovah ?
Then be determined to endure and persevere in your earnest efforts to attend meetings regularly .
You will thus show that you agree with King David , who said : “ Jehovah , I love the house where you dwell . ” ​ — Ps .
26 : 8 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 3 ) Some of our fellow believers are unable to attend meetings regularly because of circumstances beyond their control , such as serious illness .
They can be certain that Jehovah understands their situation and deeply appreciates their whole - souled worship .
Elders may assist these infirm ones to benefit from spiritual programs , perhaps by helping them to tie in by telephone hookup or by recording the meetings for them .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 3 ) See the box “ Reasons to Attend Meetings . ”
They educate us .
They encourage us .
They bring us under the influence of holy spirit .
They give us opportunities to show our brothers that we love them .
They unite us with fellow believers .
Our attendance gives Jehovah what he deserves .

Our attendance shows Jehovah that we want to draw close to him and his Son .
Our attendance demonstrates that we support God’s sovereignty .

© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
The Wayuu people like to talk about God .
Many efforts are made to reach them with the good news .
They are skilled artisans who usually sell their products in the city .
There they hear the good news through public witnessing
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
OUR ministry is important and valuable .
But not everyone to whom we preach appreciates this .
Even if people show interest in the Bible’s message , they may not always see the need to study God’s Word with us .
This was true of Gavin , who began to attend congregation meetings ; yet , he declined the offer of a Bible study .
He says : “ My Scriptural knowledge was minimal , and I was reluctant to reveal my ignorance .
I was wary of being deceived , and I was wary of commitment . ”
What do you think ?
Was Gavin a lost cause ? No !
Consider the good effect that Bible teachings can have on a person .
Jehovah told his ancient people : “ My words will trickle as the dew , as gentle rains upon grass . ”
The characteristics of dew nicely illustrate how we can effectively help people of all sorts in our ministry . ​ — 1 Tim .
2 : 3 , 4 .
Dew is gentle .
Dew forms gradually , accumulating drop by drop from the water vapor in the air .
Jehovah’s words ‘ trickled as the dew ’ in that he spoke kindly , gently , and considerately to his people .
We imitate him when we show respect for another person’s viewpoint .
We encourage people to reason for themselves and thus draw their own conclusions .
When we show such consideration , our words are more readily absorbed and our ministry is more effective .
Dew is refreshing .
Our ministry refreshes others when we ponder how best to further their interests .
Gavin , mentioned earlier , was not pressured to accept a Bible study .
Instead Chris , the brother who initially approached him , explored different ways to make Gavin feel more comfortable discussing the Bible .
Chris explained to Gavin that the Bible has a theme and that discerning it would help him better understand the meetings he was attending . Next , Chris revealed that it was Bible prophecy that convinced him personally that the Bible is true .
This led to several discussions about the fulfillment of prophecy .
Gavin felt refreshed by these conversations and finally accepted a Bible study .
Dew is life - sustaining .
The land of Israel experiences a hot , dry season during which rain may not fall for several months .
Without the moisture provided by dew , plants wither and die .
A spiritual drought exists today , just as Jehovah foretold .
He promised that anointed evangelizers would be “ like dew from Jehovah ” as they proclaim the Kingdom message , supported by their companions of the “ other sheep . ”
Do we value our message of Kingdom good news as part of Jehovah’s provision of life - sustaining spiritual moisture ?
Dew is a blessing from Jehovah .
Our ministry can be a blessing to those who respond .
Gavin received just such a blessing .
Through his Bible study , he found answers to all his questions .
He quickly progressed to baptism and now , along with his wife , Joyce , enjoys a full share in preaching the Kingdom good news .
Jehovah’s Witnesses are saturating the earth with the Kingdom message
Thinking about dew can also encourage us to place a high value on our personal share in the ministry .
How so ?
Individual drops of water achieve very little , but the combined effect of millions of dewdrops saturates the earth with moisture .
Likewise , our individual share in the ministry may seem very small to us .
However , the combined effort of all of Jehovah’s willing ministers contributes to the giving of a witness “ to all the nations . ”
Will our ministry prove to be a blessing from Jehovah to others ?
It will when the message we preach is just like dew ​ — gentle , refreshing , and life - sustaining !
LIFE STORY
As told by Felisa and Araceli Fernández
“ STOP talking to me , ” Araceli , my younger sister , shouted .
“ I don’t want to listen to anything else about your religion .
It makes me feel sick .
I hate you ! ”
Even at 91 years of age , I can still remember how painful it was to hear those words .
But as Ecclesiastes 7 : 8 says , “ better is the end of a matter than its beginning , ” and that was true in our case . ​ — Felisa .
Felisa : I came from a very devout family .

In fact , 13 of our relatives were priests or members of Catholic orders .
Pope John Paul II even beatified my mother’s cousin , a priest who taught in a Catholic school .
Ours was also a humble family .
My father was a blacksmith , and my mother worked in the fields .
I was the eldest of eight children .
When I was 12 , the Spanish Civil War broke out .
After the war , my father was imprisoned .
His liberal ideas displeased the dictatorial government .
My mother struggled to feed the family , so a friend recommended that she send my three younger sisters ​ — Araceli , Lauri , and Ramoni — ​ to a convent in Bilbao , Spain .
At least they would not go hungry there .
Araceli : We were only 14 , 12 , and 10 years old at the time , and the separation from our family was very difficult .
In Bilbao we did cleaning work .

Two years later , the nuns transferred us to a large convent in Zaragoza that cared for elderly people .
Our job was to clean the kitchen , exhausting work for young teenagers .
Felisa : When my sisters went to Zaragoza , my mother and the local priest , who was also my uncle , decided that I should go to work at the same convent .
They thought that the move would keep me away from a local boy who was showing an interest in me .
Since I was a very religious girl , I liked the idea of staying at a convent for a while .
I used to attend Mass every day , and I had even thought of becoming a missionary like a cousin of mine who was a friar in Africa .
Left : The convent in Zaragoza , Spain ; right : Nácar - Colunga Bible translation
The nuns did nothing to encourage my desire to serve God in other lands , and I felt imprisoned by convent life .
So a year later , I decided to return home to take care of my uncle , the priest .
Besides doing housework , I recited the Rosary with him every evening .
I also liked to arrange the church flowers and dress the images of the virgin and the “ saints . ”
Araceli : Meanwhile , our life in the convent changed .
After I took my initial vows , the nuns decided to separate us girls .
Ramoni stayed in Zaragoza , Lauri went to Valencia , and I was sent to Madrid , where I took my second set of vows .
The Madrid convent provided lodgings for students , elderly people , and other visitors , so there was a tremendous amount of work to do .
I worked in the convent infirmary .


Frankly , I expected the life of a nun to be more rewarding .
I had looked forward to reading and understanding the Bible .
But no one talked about God or Jesus , and we did not use the Bible .

I just learned some Latin , studied the lives of the “ saints , ” and worshipped Mary .
Everything else was hard physical labor .
I began to experience anxiety , and I talked to the mother superior .
I told her that it did not make sense for me to work hard so that others could line their pockets while my family needed my help .
She locked me in a cell , hoping that this would change my mind and deter me from leaving the convent .
On three occasions , the nuns released me , merely to see if I still wanted to leave .
Because of my determination , they told me to state in writing , “ I am leaving because I prefer to serve Satan rather than God . ”
That requirement shocked me , and although I was desperate to leave the convent , I could never write those words .
Finally I asked for a confessor , and I told him what had happened .
He arranged for the diocese to transfer me to my previous convent in Zaragoza .
After a few months there , I was permitted to leave .
Soon afterward , Lauri and Ramoni also left the convent .
Felisa
Felisa : In time , I married and moved to Cantabria .
I still went to Mass regularly , and one Sunday I heard a startling announcement from the pulpit .
The priest angrily shouted , “ Look at this book ! ”
and pointed at the book The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life .
He continued , “ If someone has given you a copy , give it to me or throw it away ! ”
I did not have a copy , but I wanted one right away .
As it happened , a few days later two Witnesses knocked on my door and offered me the “ forbidden ” book .
That same night , I read it , and when the women returned , I agreed to study the Bible with them .
The “ forbidden ” book
The truth soon touched my heart .
My former religious devotion turned into a deep love for Jehovah and a zeal for the ministry .

I got baptized in 1973 .
Although I had few opportunities to share the truth with my family , I did do so as much as I could .
As I explained at the outset , they vigorously opposed my beliefs , especially my sister Araceli .
Araceli : My negative experiences in the convent had made me bitter .
However , I kept on attending Mass on Sundays , and I daily recited the Rosary .
I still had an intense desire to understand the Bible , and I asked God to help me .
But when my sister Felisa talked to me about her newfound beliefs , she sounded so passionate that I thought she was a fanatic .
I strongly disagreed with her .
Araceli
After a few years , I returned to Madrid for work and I got married . In time , I became very skeptical .
I noticed that people who regularly attended Mass did not practice the teachings of the Gospels .
So I stopped going to church .
I no longer believed in “ saints , ” in confession , or in hellfire .
And I even got rid of all my images .
I did not know whether I was doing the right thing .
I felt disappointed , but I kept praying to God : “ I want to get to know you .
Help me ! ”
I remember that Jehovah’s Witnesses called at my home on several occasions , but I never opened the door .
I did not trust any religion .
In the early 1980 ’ s , my sisters Lauri and Ramoni , who were living in France and Spain respectively , started to study the Bible with the Witnesses .
I assumed that they had been misled , as Felisa had been .
Later , I met a neighbor , Angelines , who became a close friend .
She too was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Time and again , Angelines and her husband asked me to study the Bible . They perceived that behind my facade of skepticism was a thirst for Bible knowledge .
Eventually , I told them : “ All right .
I will agree to study with you but only if I can use my own Bible , ” referring to my Nácar - Colunga Bible translation .
Felisa : When I got baptized in 1973 , there were about 70 Witnesses in the city of Santander , the capital of the province of Cantabria , Spain .
We had a vast territory , so we traveled by bus and later by car to preach throughout the province .
We went from village to village until we had visited the hundreds of villages in the region .
Over the years , I have had the privilege of conducting many Bible studies , and 11 of the students got baptized .
Most of them were Catholic .

Because I had once been a fervent believer myself , I knew I had to be patient and understanding .
I realized that they needed time to let go of strongly held beliefs and that the Bible and Jehovah’s holy spirit had to touch their hearts to help them identify the truth .
My husband , Bienvenido , who had been a policeman , got baptized in 1979 , and my mother began to study the Bible shortly before she died .
Araceli : I was very suspicious when I started to study the Bible with the Witnesses .
But as the weeks went by , I noticed that my feelings of bitterness vanished .
What impressed me most about the Witnesses was that they practiced what they preached .
Faith replaced skepticism , and I felt much happier .
Even some neighbors told me , “ Araceli , keep going on the way you have chosen ! ”
I remember praying , “ Thank you , Jehovah , for not giving up on me and for giving me so many opportunities to find what I was looking for ​ — the true knowledge of the Bible . ”
I asked my sister Felisa to forgive me for the hurtful words I had spoken to her .
Our arguments were replaced with lively Bible discussions .
I got baptized in 1989 at the age of 61 .
Felisa : Now at the age of 91 , I am a widow and do not have the strength I once had .
But I do read the Bible every day , attend meetings when my health permits , and enjoy participating in the ministry as much as I can .
Araceli : Possibly because I was a nun , I like to give a witness to all the priests and nuns I meet in the ministry .


I have left many publications with them and have had some interesting conversations .
I recall one priest who , after several visits , told me : “ Araceli , I wholly agree with you , but where could I go at my age ?
What would my parishioners and my family say ? ”
I replied : “ And what will God say ? ”
He nodded sadly , but at the time , he did not have the courage to continue searching for the truth .
I remember a special moment in my life . It was when my husband first said he wanted to accompany me to a meeting .
Although he was over 80 years old at the time , he never missed a meeting after that .
He studied the Bible and became an unbaptized publisher .
I have fond memories of us going in the ministry together .
He died two months before the day he was going to get baptized .
Felisa : One of the greatest satisfactions in my life has been seeing my three younger sisters , who initially opposed me , become my spiritual sisters .

How much we have enjoyed being together , talking about our dear God , Jehovah , and his Word !
Finally , my sisters and I are united spiritually .
*
Araceli , Felisa , and Ramoni ​ — 87 , 91 , and 83 years old respectively — ​ continue to serve Jehovah zealously down to this day .
Lauri passed away in 1990 , faithful to Jehovah .
“ Pay back . . . God’s things to God . ” ​ — MATT .
22 : 21 .
SONGS : 33 , 137
What does Jehovah think about human governments ?
What should we do when it becomes difficult to stay neutral ?
What can we learn from faithful servants of Jehovah who stayed neutral ?
How can we obey both God and human governments ?
GOD’S WORD tells us to be obedient to human governments , yet it also teaches that we must obey God rather than men .
Is this a contradiction ? Not at all !
The principle of relative subjection helps us to understand and obey these commands .
Jesus summarized this principle when he said : “ Pay back , therefore , Caesar’s things to Caesar , but God’s things to God . ”
How do we follow Jesus ’ direction ?
We submit to the authority of the government under which we live by obeying its laws , respecting its officials , and paying the taxes it levies .
However , if government authorities tell us to disobey God , we respectfully refuse to comply .


How do we show that we do not take sides in the world’s politics ?
We pay back to God what is rightfully his , in part , by remaining neutral in the world’s political affairs .
Thus , we do not oppose human governments that Jehovah allows to function ; nor do we promote patriotic or nationalistic activity .

We do not lobby , vote in political elections , run for government office , or try to change governments .
Why must we remain neutral ?
The Bible gives several reasons why God requires that we remain neutral .
For example , we follow the teachings and example of his Son , Jesus Christ , by being “ no part of the world , ” avoiding its politics and wars .
We must remain neutral in order to be loyal subjects of God’s Kingdom .
Otherwise , how could we have a clean conscience when we preach the good news that only God’s Kingdom can solve mankind’s problems ?
Additionally , unlike false religions that divide their members by meddling in politics , true worship preserves our international brotherhood by helping us to remain neutral . ​ — 1 Pet .
2 : 17 . ( a ) How do we know that it will become more difficult to remain neutral ?
( b ) Why should we prepare now to remain neutral ?
Where we live , the political environment may be calm , seemingly tolerant of true worship .
Yet , as Satan’s system nears its end , we can expect the issue of neutrality to become more prominent .
The world is filled with people who are “ not open to any agreement ” and “ headstrong , ” so it will only become more divided and polarized .
In some countries , our brothers have already faced unexpected challenges to their neutrality because of a rapidly changing political environment .
Do you see why we need to strengthen our resolve now to remain neutral ?
If we wait until we face a challenging situation , we might compromise and violate our neutral stand .
So how can we prepare to maintain our neutrality in a divided world ?
Let us consider four keys that will help us to succeed .
What does Jehovah think about human governments ?
A first key to remaining neutral is to share Jehovah’s view of political systems .
Although some governments might appear to be just , the very concept of humans ruling over other humans was never Jehovah’s purpose .
Man - made governments promote nationalism , which divides the human family .
Even the best human leaders are unable to solve all problems .
In addition , since 1914 , human governments have become rivals to God’s Kingdom , which will soon execute judgment on the nations by destroying them . ​ — Read Psalm 2 : 2 , 7 - 9 .

How should we treat those who have authority in the government ?
God lets the world’s political structure remain because it provides a measure of stability that , in turn , helps us to preach the good news of the Kingdom .
God even directs us to pray concerning those in authority , especially when their decisions might affect our worship .
We appeal to government authorities for fair treatment , as the apostle Paul did .
Although the Bible teaches that God’s adversary , Satan , has authority over political systems , it does not say that he directly controls each leader or official .
We should therefore avoid implying that a particular official is controlled by the Devil .
Instead , when dealing with “ governments and authorities , ” we “ speak injuriously of no one . ” ​ — Titus 3 : 1 , 2 .
What thinking must we avoid ?
We obey God by never favoring any candidate or political party over another , regardless of whether they seem to support or oppose our interests .
How might our neutrality be tested in this regard ?
Suppose that a popular uprising tries to oust an oppressive regime , one under which God’s people have also suffered .
Although we would not march with the protesters , might we be with them in spirit ?

We must remain neutral not only in our words and actions but also in our heart .
When it is difficult to remain neutral , how can we be “ cautious ” yet “ innocent ” ?
A second key to maintaining our neutrality is to be “ cautious as serpents and yet innocent as doves ” when facing challenges .
( Read Matthew 10 : 16 , 17 . )

We show caution by recognizing dangers early , and we remain innocent by not letting them lead us into compromise .
Consider some potential challenges and how we can deal with them .
What must we be careful of when talking to others ?
Conversations .
We must exercise caution when political issues are brought up .
For example , when presenting the Kingdom message , avoid either praising or criticizing the policies of a political party or leader .
Try to establish common ground with the householder by focusing on the underlying problem rather than on any proposed political solution .
Then , show from the Bible how God’s government will solve the problem completely and permanently .
If such volatile issues as same - sex marriage or abortion come up , defend God’s standards and explain how we follow these in our own lives .
During the discussion , remain strictly neutral on the political aspects of these topics .
We take no position regarding what laws should be enacted , repealed , or changed , and we do not pressure others to agree with our view .
How can we make sure that we remain neutral when we watch or read anything in the media ?
The media . Information broadcast as “ news ” is often presented in a biased and opinionated way .
The media sometimes functions as a tool of the political system .
News reports might be blatantly slanted in lands with State - controlled media , yet even Christians living in so - called free countries must be careful not to adopt the bias of a commentator .
Ask yourself , ‘ Do I enjoy listening to someone in the media because I agree with his political leaning ? ’
If so , you might look for a more objective source of information .
In any case , it is wise to limit your intake from media sources that promote a political agenda and to test what you hear against “ the standard of wholesome words ” found in the Bible . ​ — 2 Tim .
1 : 13 . How might it be hard for us to remain neutral when the things we own are very important to us ?
Materialism .
If we are attached to our possessions , we risk compromising our neutrality when we are under test .
Ruth , in Malawi , saw several Witnesses do so when they were persecuted in the 1970 ’ s .
She recalls : “ They could not give up their comfortable life .
Some went into exile with us but later joined the political party and returned home because they did not want to put up with the discomforts of life in the refugee camp . ”
In contrast , the vast majority of God’s people have remained neutral despite economic pressures or even the loss of everything they own . ​ — Heb .
10 : 34 .
12 , 13 . ( a ) What does Jehovah think about humans ?
( b ) How can we tell if we are becoming too proud of our country ?
Undue pride .
People often tout the merits of their race , tribe , culture , city , or nation .
However , we know that taking undue pride in tribe , culture , or nation puts us at odds with Jehovah’s view of human rule and the human family .
Of course , God does not expect us to renounce our culture .
In fact , cultural differences illustrate the marvelous diversity of the human family .
Still , we must remember that in God’s sight , all people are equal . ​ — Rom .
10 : 12 .
Taking undue pride in our place of origin is at the heart of nationalism and could be the first step on a path to compromise .
Christians are not immune to such pride , for even some in the first - century congregation discriminated against their brothers because of their nationality .
How can we tell if undue pride is taking root in us ?
Suppose a brother or sister from another land offered you a suggestion .
Would you reject it , immediately thinking , ‘ We do things better around here ’ ?
Instead , we should all apply the inspired counsel : “ With humility consider others superior to you . ” ​ — Phil .
2 : 3 .
How can prayer help us , and what Bible example proves this ?
A third key to maintaining our neutrality is to gain strength from Jehovah .
Pray for holy spirit , which can give you patience and self - control , qualities needed to cope with a government that may be corrupt or unjust .



You can also ask Jehovah for the wisdom to recognize and deal with situations that could cause you to violate your Christian neutrality .
If you are imprisoned or otherwise punished because of your resolute stand for true worship , pray for the strength to defend your faith with boldness and to endure whatever persecution may come . ​ — Read Acts 4 : 27 - 31 .
How can the Bible help us to remain neutral ?

( See also the box “ God’s Word Strengthened Their Conviction . ” )
Jehovah can strengthen you by means of his Word .
Meditate on verses that will help you maintain your neutrality under test .
Commit them to memory now , so that they can sustain you if you do not have access to a Bible later .
God’s Word can also reinforce your hope in future Kingdom blessings .
This hope is essential if we are to endure persecution .
Select passages that describe blessings that you especially hope to enjoy , and visualize yourself experiencing those blessings in Paradise .
16 , 17 .
What can we learn from the examples of God’s faithful servants who remained neutral ?
( See opening picture . )
Faithful servants of Jehovah provide the fourth key to maintaining neutrality .
Their examples can give us the wisdom and strength we need to endure .
For instance , Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego refused to worship an image representing the Babylonian State .
( Read Daniel 3 : 16 - 18 . )
Reading about their determination has given Witnesses today the courage to refuse to worship the flag of the nation in which they live .
Also , Jesus stayed completely separate from the political and social conflicts of the world .
Noting the effect that his example would have on others , he urged his disciples : “ Take courage !
I have conquered the world . ” ​ — John 16 : 33 .
Many Witnesses in modern times have maintained their neutrality .
Some have suffered physical abuse and imprisonment and have even died for their faith .

Their examples can help you as they did Barış , from Turkey , who said : “ Franz Reiter was a young brother who was executed because he refused to join Hitler’s army .
The letter he wrote to his mother the night before he died showed tremendous faith and confidence in Jehovah , and I wanted to follow his example if I faced such a trial . ”
18 , 19 . ( a ) How can the members of your congregation help you to remain neutral ?
( b ) What are you determined to do ?
Support also comes from the brothers and sisters in your congregation .
Let the elders know about the tests of neutrality that you may be facing , and ask for their mature , Bible - based counsel .
Members of the congregation will encourage you if they are aware of the challenges you are facing .
Ask them to pray in your behalf .
Of course , if we want our brothers to support us and pray for us , we should do the same for them .
The jw.org article “ Jehovah’s Witnesses Imprisoned for Their Faith ​ — By Location ” posted under NEWSROOM > LEGAL DEVELOPMENTS can help you to be specific in your prayers . It includes links to lists of Witnesses currently imprisoned for their faith .
Pick some names , and pray that such ones courageously maintain their integrity . ​ — Eph . 6 : 19 , 20 .
As human governments near their end , we will not be surprised if they become less and less tolerant of our loyalty to Jehovah and his Kingdom .
Thus , may we now strengthen our resolve to maintain our neutrality in a divided world .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 1 ) Jesus here used Caesar , the highest - ranking human ruler at the time , as a symbol of the civil authority , or State .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 17 ) See Jehovah’s Witnesses ​ — Proclaimers of God’s Kingdom , p . 662 , and the box “ He Died for God’s Honor ” in chapter 14 of the book God’s Kingdom Rules !
“ Meditating on Proverbs 27 : 11 , Matthew 26 : 52 , and John 13 : 35 strengthened my conviction to refuse military service .
These verses also helped me to remain calm during my trial . ” ​ — Andriy , from Ukraine .
“ Isaiah 2 : 4 helped me to remain neutral under test .
I pictured in my mind the quietness of life in the new world , when no one will carry a weapon to harm his neighbor . ” ​ — Wilmer , from Colombia .

© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe . It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority . This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations . To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .
Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
COVER SUBJECT | WHERE CAN YOU FIND COMFORT ?
Do you remember falling down when you were a young child ?
Perhaps you cut your hand or scraped your knee .
Can you recall how your mother comforted you ?
Maybe she cleaned the wound and then put a bandage on it .
You cried , but her soothing words and warm embrace soon made you feel better .
At that time in your life , comfort was never far away .
But life gets more complicated as we get older . The problems get bigger , and comfort becomes harder to find .
Adult problems , sad to say , can rarely be solved with a bandage and a mother’s hug .
Consider a few examples .
Have you ever faced the trauma of losing your job ?
Julian says that when he got fired , the shock left him feeling distraught .
‘ How will I care for my family ? ’ he wondered .
‘ After I put in years of hard work , why does the company feel I am useless ? ’
Perhaps you are devastated by the breakup of your marriage .
“ When my husband suddenly left me 18 months ago , I felt a sadness come over me .
It was as if my heart had broken in two , ” explains Raquel .
“ The pain was physical as well as emotional .
It frightened me . ”
Maybe you have a serious health problem that shows little sign of improving .
There may be times when you feel as did the patriarch Job , who lamented : “ I loathe my life ; I do not want to go on living . ”
Perhaps you share the feelings of Luis , a man in his 80 ’ s , who confessed , “ Sometimes I feel that I am just waiting to die . ”
Or possibly it is the death of a loved one that makes you yearn for comfort .
“ When my son died in a tragic plane accident , my first feeling was disbelief , ” explains Robert .
“ Then came the pain , the pain that the Bible compares to having a long sword run through you . ” ​ — Luke 2 : 35 .
Robert , Luis , Raquel , and Julian did find comfort , even in those distressing circumstances .
They found the best Person to provide it ​ — none other than Almighty God .
How does he provide comfort ?
Will he likewise provide the comfort you need ?
COVER SUBJECT | WHERE CAN YOU FIND COMFORT ?
The apostle Paul describes Jehovah * as “ the God of all comfort , who comforts us in all our trials . ”
Thus the Bible assures us that no person is beyond God’s help and that no tragedy is so great that our heavenly Father cannot comfort us . Of course , we must do something if we want comfort from God .
How could a doctor help us if we never made an appointment to see him ?
The prophet Amos asks : “ Will two walk together unless they have met by appointment ? ”
The Scriptures therefore urge us : “ Draw close to God , and he will draw close to you . ” ​ — James 4 : 8 .
How can we be sure that God will draw close to us ?
First of all , because he tells us repeatedly that he wants to help us .
( See the accompanying box . )
And second , because we have convincing testimony from people whom God has comforted ​ — real people , both from our time and the past .
Like many today who seek help from God , King David was all too familiar with tragedy .
“ Hear my pleas when I cry to you for help , ” he once begged Jehovah .
Did God respond ?
Yes .
David added : “ I have received his help , and my heart rejoices . ” ​ — Psalm 28 : 2 , 7 .
God intended that Jesus have a key role in providing comfort .
Among other tasks that God assigned him , Jesus was “ to bind up the brokenhearted ” and “ comfort all who mourn . ”
As foretold , Jesus took a special interest in people who were “ toiling and loaded down . ” ​ — Matthew 11 : 28 - 30 .
Jesus comforted people by giving them wise advice , by treating them kindly , and even , in some cases , by curing their sicknesses .
One day a leper pleaded with Jesus : “ If you just want to , you can make me clean . ”
Moved with pity , Jesus replied : “ I want to ! Be made clean . ”
And the leper was healed .
Today , the Son of God is not present on earth to comfort us personally .
But his Father , Jehovah , “ the God of all comfort , ” continues to help those in need .
Consider four principal means that God uses to comfort people .
The Bible .
“ All the things that were written beforehand were written for our instruction , so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope . ” ​ — Romans 15 : 4 .
God’s Holy Spirit .
Not long after Jesus ’ death , the whole Christian congregation entered into a period of peace .
Why ? “ It walked in the fear of Jehovah and in the comfort of the holy spirit . ”
The holy spirit , God’s active force , is very powerful .
God can use it to comfort anyone in any circumstance .
Prayer .

“ Do not be anxious over anything , ” the Bible advises us .
Rather , it says , “ let your petitions be made known to God ; and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers . ” ​ — Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
Fellow Christians can provide a comforting ‘ safety net ’ of true friends .
The apostle Paul described his companions as “ a source of great comfort ” in times of “ distress and tribulation . ” ​ — Colossians 4 : 11 ; 1 Thessalonians 3 : 7 .
But you may be wondering how all this works in practice .
Let us take a closer look at the experiences of people who have faced the problems mentioned at the outset .
Like them , you can discover that God still fulfills this heartwarming promise : “ As a mother comforts her son , so I will keep comforting you . ” ​ — Isaiah 66 : 13 .
Jehovah is the name of God as revealed in the Bible .
“ You , O Jehovah , are my helper and comforter . ” ​ — Psalm 86 : 17 .
“ ‘ Comfort , comfort my people , ’ says your God . ” ​ — Isaiah 40 : 1 .
“ This is what Jehovah says : . . .
‘ As a mother comforts her son , so I will keep comforting you . ’ ” ​ — Isaiah 66 : 12 , 13 .
“ Happy are those who mourn , since they will be comforted . ” ​ — Matthew 5 : 4 .
“ Throw all your anxiety on [ God ] , because he cares for you . ” ​ — 1 Peter 5 : 7 .
COVER SUBJECT | WHERE CAN YOU FIND COMFORT ?
Trouble comes in many forms .
We certainly cannot cover every kind of hardship here , but let us take a closer look at the four examples that we have already mentioned .
Notice how people facing very different problems have found genuine comfort from God .
“ I learned to accept any sort of work , and we cut down on all unnecessary expenses . ” ​ — Jonathan
“ My wife and I lost our jobs at the same time , ” recalls Seth .
* “ For two years we had to survive on family handouts and a few odd jobs .
As a result , my wife , Priscilla , became depressed , and I felt worthless .
“ How did we cope ?
Priscilla constantly reminded herself of Jesus ’ words at Matthew 6 : 34 .
He said that we should not become anxious about tomorrow , since each day has its own anxieties .
And her heartfelt prayers gave her the strength to keep going .
In my case , Psalm 55 : 22 comforted me .
Like the psalmist , I threw my burden on Jehovah , and I found that he did sustain me .
Although I now have a job , we keep our lifestyle simple in line with Jesus ’ advice at Matthew 6 : 20 - 22 .
Above all , we have drawn closer to God and closer to each other . ”
“ I was frightened about the future when our small family business went bankrupt , ” confesses Jonathan .
“ Because of an economic crisis , 20 years of hard work came to nothing .
My wife and I started arguing about money .
We couldn’t even buy with a credit card , for fear it would not be honored .
“ But God’s Word and his spirit helped us to make good decisions .
I learned to accept any sort of work , and we cut down on all unnecessary expenses .
As Jehovah’s Witnesses , we also got support from fellow believers .
They bolstered our self - esteem and lent us a helping hand when times were really tough . ”
“ When my husband suddenly left me , I felt hurt and angry , ” recalls Raquel .
“ And a terrible sadness overwhelmed me .
But I drew close to God , and he comforted me .
The peace of God protected my heart when I turned to him daily in prayer .
It seemed to me that he repaired my broken heart .
“ And thanks to his Word , the Bible , I conquered feelings of anger and resentment . I took to heart the words of the apostle Paul at Romans 12 : 21 : ‘ Do not let yourself be conquered by the evil , but keep conquering the evil with the good . ’
“ There is a time when we have to ‘ give up as lost . ’ . . .
I now have new goals in life . ” ​ — Raquel
“ One wise counselor helped me to see the need to move on .
He showed me Ecclesiastes 3 : 6 and kindly told me that there is a time when we have to ‘ give up as lost . ’
It was tough advice , but it was what I needed .
I now have new goals in life . ”
“ When your marriage breaks up , you need support , ” Elizabeth states .
“ I had a dear friend who gave me that support , day after day .
She cried with me , comforted me , and made me feel loved rather than rejected .
I am convinced that Jehovah used her to heal my emotional wounds . ”
“ After praying to God , I feel his spirit giving me strength . ” ​ — Luis
Luis , quoted in the opening article of this series , has a serious heart condition , and he almost died on two occasions .
He now needs to be on oxygen 16 hours a day .
“ I pray to Jehovah constantly , ” he says .
“ And after praying to God , I feel his spirit giving me strength .
Prayer gives me the courage to keep going because I have faith in him and know that he cares for me . ”
“ I want to do so many things , but I just can’t , ” explains Petra , who is in her 80 ’ s .
“ Seeing my strength diminish is very hard .
I feel drained and have to rely on medication .
I often think of the way Jesus asked his Father to let a certain hardship pass by if it was possible .
But Jehovah gave Jesus strength , and he strengthens me .
Prayer is my daily therapy .
I feel much better after talking to God . ” ​ — Matthew 26 : 39 .
Julian , who has been battling multiple sclerosis for nearly 30 years , feels likewise .
“ I have exchanged an executive’s chair for a wheelchair , ” he says .
“ But my life is worthwhile because it is devoted to serving others .
Giving can alleviate suffering , and Jehovah does keep his promise to strengthen us in time of need .
Like the apostle Paul , I can truly say : ‘ For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power . ’ ” ​ — Philippians 4 : 13 .
“ When my father died in a traffic accident , I could not believe it at first , ” Antonio recalls .
“ It seemed so unfair ​ — he was just an innocent pedestrian .
But there was nothing I could do .
He was in a coma for five days before he passed away .
Somehow , I kept myself from weeping in front of my mother , but I broke down when I was alone .
‘ Why ?
Why ? ’
I kept asking myself . “ During those dreadful days , I kept asking Jehovah to help me control my emotions and to give me peace .
And I gradually felt calmer .
I remembered that the Bible explains that ‘ unexpected events ’ can befall any one of us .
Since God cannot lie , I am convinced that I will see my father again in the resurrection . ” ​ — Ecclesiastes 9 : 11 ; John 11 : 25 ; Titus 1 : 2 .
“ Although the plane crash took the life of our son , we still have many happy memories of times shared together . ” ​ — Robert
Robert , mentioned in the opening article , has similar thoughts .
He says : “ My wife and I experienced the peace of mind spoken of at Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
It came to us through our prayers to Jehovah .
This inner peace enabled us to speak to news reporters about our hope of the resurrection .
Although the plane crash took the life of our son , we still have many happy memories of times shared together .
We try to concentrate on them .
“ When fellow Witnesses told us that they had seen us explaining our faith calmly on television , we told them that doubtless it was thanks to so many prayers being offered in our behalf .
I truly believe that Jehovah was supporting us by means of their countless messages of comfort . ”
As the foregoing examples show , God can provide comfort to people facing a wide range of problems and challenges .
What about you ?
No matter what trouble you may face in life , there is comfort available to help you through the hard times .
* So why not turn to Jehovah for help ?
He is “ the God of all comfort . ” ​ — 2 Corinthians 1 : 3 .
Some names in this article have been changed .
If you would like help to draw close to God and receive his comfort , please contact Jehovah’s Witnesses in your area or write to the nearest branch office .
SOME PEOPLE BELIEVE that it represents the reign of God in a person’s heart ; others think that it is the product of human efforts to bring world peace and brotherhood .
What do you think ?
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
“ The God of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed . . . .
It will crush and put an end to all these [ human ] kingdoms . ”
God’s Kingdom is a real government .
WHAT ELSE WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE
The Kingdom of God rules from heaven . ​ — Matthew 10 : 7 ; Luke 10 : 9 .
God uses the Kingdom to accomplish his will in heaven and on earth . ​ — Matthew 6 : 10 .
WHAT WOULD YOU SAY ?

No one knows
Soon Never
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
“ This good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations , and then the end will come . ”
Once the good news has been fully preached , the Kingdom will come to bring the present wicked system to an end .
WHAT ELSE WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE
No one on earth knows exactly when God’s Kingdom will come . ​ — Matthew 24 : 36 .
Bible prophecy shows that the Kingdom will come soon . ​ — Matthew 24 : 3 , 7 , 12 .
For more information , see chapter 8 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
Life in this world can be distressing .
Is there anywhere we can turn for reliable help and comfort ?
The Bible says : “ The Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort . . . comforts us in all our trials . ” ​ — 2 Corinthians 1 : 3 , 4 .
This issue of The Watchtower discusses how God offers us the comfort we all need .
“ Keep peace with one another . ” ​ — MARK 9 : 50 .
SONGS : 39 , 77
What counsel did Jesus give to help us handle differences in a spirit of love ?
What questions might a Christian ask himself when deciding how to settle differences with others ?
How can the three steps outlined at Matthew 18 : 15 - 17 be used to resolve some conflicts ?
1 , 2 .
What human struggles are featured in Genesis , and why is this of interest ?
HAVE you ever thought about the personal conflicts recorded in the Bible ?
Consider just the first few chapters of Genesis .
Cain kills Abel ; Lamech kills a young man for striking him ; the shepherds of Abraham ( Abram ) and Lot quarrel ; Hagar despises Sarah ( Sarai ) , who becomes upset with Abraham ; Ishmael is against everyone and everyone’s hand is against him . ​ — Gen .

16 : 12 .
Why does the Bible mention such conflicts ?
Well , one reason is that it helps imperfect humans learn why they need to keep peace . It also shows us the way we can do this .
We benefit from reading Bible accounts about real people struggling with real problems .
We learn about the results of their efforts and may thus be able to apply such points to some situations we encounter in life . Indeed , all of this helps us to consider how we should or should not deal with similar issues . ​ — Rom .
15 : 4 .
What topics will this article cover ?
This article will consider why Jehovah’s servants need to settle differences and how they can succeed in doing so .
In addition , it will refer to Scriptural principles that can help them to deal with conflict and maintain good relations with their neighbor and with Jehovah God .
What attitude spread throughout the world , and what has been the result ?
Satan is primarily responsible for the strife and differences experienced by mankind .
In Eden , his argument was that each individual can and should decide what is good and what is bad , doing so independent of God .
The fruits of such reasoning are plain to see .
The world abounds with people and societies motivated by a spirit of independence that fosters pride , egotism , and rivalry .
Anyone who allows himself to be swept along by this spirit is , in effect , accepting Satan’s argument that it is the course of wisdom to pursue one’s own interests regardless of how doing so may affect others .
Such a selfish course leads to strife .
And it is good for us to remember that “ a man prone to anger stirs up strife ; anyone disposed to rage commits many transgressions . ” ​ — Prov . 29 : 22 .
How did Jesus teach people to handle disagreements ?
In contrast , Jesus taught people to seek peace , even if such a course would seem detrimental to their own interests .
In his Sermon on the Mount , Jesus gave excellent advice about handling disagreements or potential conflicts .
For instance , he urged his disciples to be mild - tempered , to be peacemakers , to eliminate causes for anger , to settle matters quickly , and to love their enemies . ​ — Matt .
5 : 5 , 9 , 22 , 25 , 44 .
6 , 7 . ( a ) Why is it important to settle personal differences promptly ?
( b ) What questions should all of Jehovah’s people ask themselves ?
Our efforts to serve God ​ — through prayers , meeting attendance , field service , and other aspects of our worship — ​ are in vain if we refuse to make peace with others .
We cannot be friends of God unless we are willing to forgive the shortcomings of others . ​ — Read Luke 11 : 4 ; Ephesians 4 : 32 .
Every Christian needs to think carefully and honestly about being forgiving and having peaceful relations with others .
Do you forgive fellow believers freely ?
Are you happy to fellowship with them ?
Jehovah expects his servants to be forgiving .
If your conscience tells you that you have improvements to make in this regard , prayerfully seek Jehovah’s help in order to make them !
Our heavenly Father will hear such humble prayers and answer them . ​ — 1 John 5 : 14 , 15 .
8 , 9 .
What should we do if we are offended ?
Because all humans are imperfect , sooner or later someone is going to say or do something that will offend you .
This is inevitable .


How are you going to react ?
Consider what happened when the following situation developed : At a social gathering attended by some Witnesses , two brothers were greeted by a certain sister in a way that one of them considered inappropriate .
When the two brothers were alone , the offended brother began to criticize the sister for what she had said .
However , the other brother reminded him that she had served Jehovah loyally in difficult circumstances for 40 years ; he was sure that she meant no harm .
After considering this for a moment , the first brother responded , “ You are right . ”
As a result , the issue went no further .
What does this experience show ?
The way you react to situations that have the potential for causing offense lies in your own hands .
A loving person covers over minor transgressions .
( Read Proverbs 10 : 12 ; 1 Peter 4 : 8 . )
Jehovah considers it “ beauty ” on your part “ to overlook an offense . ”
So the first thing to ask yourself when somebody treats you in a way that could seem unkind or disrespectful is : ‘ Can I overlook this ?
Do I really need to make an issue of it ? ’
( a ) How did one sister at first react to criticism ?
( b ) What Scriptural thought helped this sister to maintain her peace ?
It may be challenging to treat criticism lightly .
Take the case of a pioneer , whom we will call Lucy .
Negative comments had been made about her ministry and her use of time .
Upset , Lucy sought the counsel of mature brothers .
She relates : “ Their Scriptural advice helped me to maintain the right viewpoint of others ’ opinions and to focus on who matters most ​ — Jehovah . ”
Lucy was encouraged by reading Matthew 6 : 1 - 4 .
( Read . )
That passage reminded her that making Jehovah happy should be her goal .
“ Even if others make negative comments about my activity , ” she says , “ I remain happy , for I know that I am trying my best to receive Jehovah’s smile of approval . ”
After reaching this conclusion , Lucy wisely chose to overlook the negative remarks .
11 , 12 . ( a ) How should a Christian act if he believes that his brother “ has something against ” him ?
( b ) What can we learn from the way Abraham handled a problem ?
( See opening picture . )
“ We all stumble many times . ”
Suppose you learn that a brother was offended by something you said or did . What should you do ?
Jesus said : “ If . . . you are bringing your gift to the altar and there you remember that your brother has something against you , leave your gift there in front of the altar , and go away . First make your peace with your brother , and then come back and offer your gift . ”
In harmony with Jesus ’ counsel , talk with your brother .
Note what your objective should be .
It is not to cast part of the blame on your brother but to admit your fault and make peace .
Being at peace with our fellow worshippers is of utmost importance .
A Scriptural account in which God’s servants peacefully resolved a potentially divisive issue is the one mentioned earlier involving Abraham and his nephew Lot .
Both men possessed livestock , and their shepherds apparently quarreled about grazing land .
Eager to eliminate tensions , Abraham offered Lot first choice of the areas where their respective households would settle .
What a good example !
Abraham sought peace , not his own interests .
Did he lose out because of his generosity ?
Not at all .
Immediately after this incident with Lot , Jehovah promised Abraham great blessings .
God will never allow his servants to suffer lasting loss for acting in harmony with divine principles and settling differences in a spirit of love .
How did one overseer react to harsh words , and what can we learn from his example ?
Consider a modern - day situation .
When the new overseer of a convention department phoned a brother to ask if he would be able to volunteer , the brother made a number of cutting remarks and hung up .
He was nursing hurt feelings over his dealings with the previous overseer .
The new overseer did not take offense at this outburst , but neither could he ignore it .
An hour later , he called again , mentioning that they had not yet met , and he suggested that they resolve the issues together .
A week later , the two met at a Kingdom Hall .
After praying , they spoke for an hour , during which the brother told his story .
After listening sympathetically , the overseer shared Scriptural observations , and the two brothers parted on good terms .
Thereafter , the brother served at the convention and now thanks the overseer for having dealt with him calmly and kindly .
14 , 15 . ( a ) When should we apply the counsel at Matthew 18 : 15 - 17 ?
( b ) What three steps did Jesus mention , and what should be our goal in applying them ?
Most differences between Christians can and should be resolved privately by the individuals concerned .
However , Jesus noted that some situations might require congregation involvement .
( Read Matthew 18 : 15 - 17 . )
What would be the outcome if an offender refused to listen to his brother , to witnesses , and to the congregation ?
He should be treated “ just as a man of the nations and as a tax collector . ”
Today , we would say that he should be disfellowshipped .
The seriousness of this step indicates that the “ sin ” was not a small disagreement .
Rather , it was ( 1 ) a sin that could be settled between the individuals concerned but it was also ( 2 ) a sin serious enough to merit disfellowshipping if not settled .
Such sins might involve a measure of fraud or might include damaging a person’s reputation through slander .
The three steps Jesus outlined here are applicable only where these conditions exist .
The offense did not include such a sin as adultery , homosexuality , apostasy , idolatry , or some other gross sin definitely requiring the attention of the congregation elders .
It may be necessary to reason with your brother more than once in order to gain him ( See paragraph 15 )
The aim of Jesus ’ counsel was to help a brother in a spirit of love .
First , an attempt should be made to resolve the issue without involving others .
It may be necessary to reason with the sinner more than once .
If that fails , talk to the offender in the company of witnesses to the wrongdoing or with others who can help to determine if a wrong has really been committed .
If you succeed in resolving the issue with their help , you will have “ gained your brother . ”
A matter should be referred to the elders only when repeated efforts to help the wrongdoer have failed .
What shows that following Jesus ’ counsel is practical and loving ?
Cases requiring that brothers go through all three steps outlined at Matthew 18 : 15 - 17 are rare .
That is encouraging , for it means that a solution is usually found before the situation reaches the point where an unrepentant sinner must be removed from the congregation .
Often , the wrongdoer sees his error and corrects matters .
The offended person may see that he no longer has a real reason to find fault and may prefer to forgive .
Whatever the case , Jesus ’ words indicate that the congregation should not get involved in disagreements prematurely .
The elders may intervene only if the preceding two steps have been taken and if solid evidence can be produced to show clearly what has happened .
What blessings will we enjoy when we “ seek peace ” with one another ?
As long as this system of things lasts , humans will be imperfect and will continue to offend others .
The disciple James appropriately wrote : “ If anyone does not stumble in word , he is a perfect man , able to bridle also his whole body . ”
In order to settle differences , we must earnestly “ seek peace and pursue it . ”
As peacemakers , we will enjoy a good relationship with our fellow believers and will promote the unity of the congregation .
Above all , we will have a good relationship with Jehovah , “ the God who gives peace . ”
Such blessings are enjoyed by those who settle differences in a spirit of love .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 12 ) Others who solved problems peacefully included the following : Jacob , with Esau ; Joseph , with his brothers ; and Gideon , with the Ephraimites .
Perhaps you can think of similar examples recorded elsewhere in the Bible .

“ Go , . . . and make disciples of people of all the nations , baptizing them . . . , teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you . ” ​ — MATT .
28 : 19 , 20 .
SONGS : 141 , 97
the message they preach and why they preach it ?
the methods they use ?
the scope of their work ?
1 , 2 .
What questions arise because of Jesus ’ words found at Matthew 24 : 14 ?
WHETHER people agree with us or bitterly oppose us , few would deny that as a group Jehovah’s Witnesses are well - known for their preaching activities .
It may even be that you have met people in your ministry who have stated that while they disagree with our beliefs , they respect us for the work we do .
As we know , Jesus foretold that the good news of the Kingdom would be preached in all the inhabited earth .
But how do we know that the work we do is in fulfillment of Jesus ’ prophecy ?
Is it presumptuous on our part to think that we are the ones who are doing this work ?
Many religious groups feel that they are preaching the Gospel , or good news .
However , their efforts are often limited to personal testimonies , church services , or programs broadcast through the media ​ — whether by means of television or on the Internet .
Others point to their charitable activities or their endeavors in the fields of medicine and education .
How do these claims measure up when compared with what Jesus commanded his disciples to do ?
According to Matthew 28 : 19 , 20 , what four things must Jesus ’ followers do ?
Were Jesus ’ disciples to be passive , waiting for people to come to them ?
Definitely not !
After his resurrection , Jesus addressed hundreds of his disciples and told them : “ Go , therefore , and make disciples of people of all the nations , baptizing them . . . , teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you . ”
Four actions are therefore required .

We must make disciples , baptize them , and teach them , but what is the first thing we need to do ?
Jesus said : “ Go ” !
With regard to this command , one Bible scholar commented : “ To ‘ go ’ is the task of each believer , whether across the street or across the ocean . ” ​ — Matt .
10 : 7 ; Luke 10 : 3 .
What is involved in becoming “ fishers of men ” ?
Was Jesus referring only to the individual efforts of his followers , or was he alluding to an organized campaign to preach the good news ?
Since one individual would not be able to go to “ all the nations , ” this work would require the organized efforts of many .
Jesus indicated as much when he invited his disciples to become “ fishers of men . ”
( Read Matthew 4 : 18 - 22 . )
The type of fishing he referred to here was not that of a lone fisherman using a line and a lure , sitting idly while waiting for the fish to bite .
Rather , it involved the use of fishing nets ​ — a labor - intensive activity that at times required the coordinated efforts of many . ​ — Luke 5 : 1 - 11 .
What four questions need to be answered , and why ?
To know who are preaching the good news today in fulfillment of Jesus ’ prophecy , we need to answer these four questions :
What should be the message of the preaching work ?
What should be our motive for doing this work ?
What methods should be used ?
What should be the scope and duration of this preaching work ?
The answers to these questions will help us not only to identify who are doing this lifesaving work but also to strengthen our resolve to persevere faithfully in it . ​ — 1 Tim .
4 : 16 .
Why can you be confident that Jehovah’s Witnesses are preaching the right message ?
Read Luke 4 : 43 .
Jesus preached “ the good news of the Kingdom , ” and he expects his disciples to do the same .
What group of people are preaching that message in “ all the nations ” ?
The answer is obvious ​ — only Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Even some opposers acknowledge this fact .
For example , a missionary priest once told a Witness that he had lived in many different countries and that he had asked the Witnesses in each country what message they were preaching .
What answer was he given ?
The priest said : “ They were all so stupid that they gave the same answer : ‘ The good news of the Kingdom . ’ ”
Far from being “ stupid , ” however , those Witnesses were speaking in unity , as true Christians should .
And they were echoing the message contained in The Watchtower Announcing Jehovah’s Kingdom .
This magazine is available in 254 languages , and an average of nearly 59 million copies of each issue are produced , making it the most widely circulated magazine in the world .
How do we know that the clergy of Christendom are not preaching the right message ?
The clergy of Christendom are not preaching God’s Kingdom .
If they do speak about the Kingdom , many refer to it as a feeling or a condition in the heart of a Christian .
They do not help people to understand that God’s Kingdom is a heavenly government with Jesus Christ as Ruler , that it is the solution to all mankind’s problems , and that it will soon remove all wickedness from this earth .
Rather , they prefer to remember Jesus at Christmas and Easter .
They seem to have no idea of what Jesus will accomplish as earth’s new Ruler .
Since they have lost sight of the message they are supposed to preach , is it any wonder that they have also lost sight of what should be the motive for doing this work ?
What is the wrong motive for doing the preaching work ?
What should be the motive for doing the preaching work ?
It should not be to collect money and construct elaborate buildings .
Jesus told his disciples : “ You received free , give free . ”
The Word of God should not be commercialized .
Those preaching the message should not seek personal gain for the work that they do .
( Read Acts 20 : 33 - 35 . )
Despite this clear direction , most churches are sidetracked by collecting money or by making efforts to survive financially .
They have to support a paid clergy , as well as a multitude of other employees .
In many cases , the leaders of Christendom have amassed great wealth . ​ — Rev .
17 : 4 , 5 .
How have Jehovah’s Witnesses shown that they engage in the preaching work with the right motive ?
What is the record of Jehovah’s Witnesses regarding collections ?
Their work is supported by voluntary donations .
No collections are taken at their Kingdom Halls or conventions .
Yet , last year alone , Jehovah’s Witnesses spent 1.93 billion hours in preaching the good news and conducting free of charge over nine million Bible studies each month .
Amazingly , not only do they go unpaid for their work but they also gladly cover their own expenses .
When speaking of the work of Jehovah’s Witnesses , one researcher stated : “ The main goal is preaching and teaching . . . .

There is no clergy , which cuts costs considerably . ”
What , then , is our motive for doing this work ?
Put simply , we do this work of our own volition because we love Jehovah and we love our neighbor .
This willing spirit is in fulfillment of the prophecy found at Psalm 110 : 3 .
( Read . )

We preach wherever people can be found ( See paragraph 10 )
What methods did Jesus and his disciples use to preach ?
What methods did Jesus and his disciples use to preach the good news ?
They went to the people wherever they could be found ​ — in public areas and in private homes .
The preaching work included searching for deserving ones from house to house .
This systematic method showed impartiality .
11 , 12 .
When it comes to preaching the good news , how do the efforts of Christendom compare with those of Jehovah’s people ?
How have the churches of Christendom measured up in this regard ?
For the most part , church members have been happy to leave any preaching to the paid clergy .
But rather than being “ fishers of men , ” Christendom’s clergy seem more concerned with merely keeping the “ fish ” they already have .
True , at times certain clergymen may endeavor to stir up some form of evangelism .
For example , early in the year 2001 , Pope John Paul II stated in a letter : “ Over the years , I have often repeated the summons to the new evangelization .
I do so again now . . .
We must revive in ourselves the burning conviction of Paul , who cried out : ‘ Woe to me if I do not preach the Gospel . ’ ”
The pope then went on to say that this mission “ cannot be left to a group of ‘ specialists ’ but must involve the responsibility of all the members of the People of God . ”
But how many have responded to this appeal ?
What has been the record of Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
They are the only ones who preach that Jesus has been ruling as King since 1914 .
As Jesus instructed , they place a high priority on the preaching work .
The book Pillars of Faith ​ — American Congregations and Their Partners states : “ For Jehovah’s Witnesses , the missionary focus overwhelms all other concerns . ”
Referring to statements made by a Witness , the author continues : “ When they encounter hunger , loneliness , and ill health , they try to help , . . . but they never forget that their primary task is delivering a spiritual message about the coming end of the world and the necessity for salvation . ”
Jehovah’s Witnesses continue to deliver that message , using methods that Jesus and his disciples used .
What should be the scope of the preaching work ?
Jesus described the scope of the preaching work by saying that the good news would be preached “ in all the inhabited earth . ”
Disciples are to be made “ of people of all the nations . ”
That entails a global work .
14 , 15 .
What proves that Jehovah’s Witnesses have fulfilled Jesus ’ prophecy with regard to the scope of the work ?
( See opening pictures . )
To understand how Jehovah’s Witnesses have fulfilled Jesus ’ prophecy with regard to the scope of the preaching work , let us consider some facts .
There are approximately 600,000 members of the clergy in the various denominations in the United States , where there are some 1,200,000 Witnesses of Jehovah .
Worldwide , the Roman Catholic Church has a little over 400,000 priests .
Now consider the number of Witnesses involved in the Bible - based Kingdom - preaching work .
Worldwide , some eight million volunteer ministers preach to people in 240 lands .
What an amazing work is being accomplished , all to Jehovah’s praise and glory ! ​ — Ps . 34 : 1 ; 51 : 15 .
As Jehovah’s Witnesses , we desire to reach as many people as possible with the good news before the end comes .
For this reason , we stand out as unique with regard to the work we do in translating and publishing Bible literature .
Millions of books , magazines , tracts , and convention and Memorial invitations have been distributed free of charge .
We have produced various publications in more than 700 languages .
Over 200 million copies of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures have been published in over 130 languages .
Last year alone , we produced approximately 4.5 billion pieces of Bible literature .
On our official website , information is available in more than 750 languages .
What other group of ministers is doing a similar work ?
How do we know that Jehovah’s Witnesses have God’s spirit ?
How long would the foretold preaching work continue ?
Jesus said that this global work would continue right on through the last days , “ and then the end [ would ] come . ”
What other religious group has continued to preach the good news during these momentous last days ?
Some of those whom we meet in the ministry may say : “ We have the holy spirit , but you people are doing the work . ”
But is not the fact that we can endure in the work evidence that we have God’s spirit ?
From time to time , certain religious groups have tried to do what Jehovah’s Witnesses regularly accomplish , but those efforts usually result in failure .
Others engage in so - called missionary activities for a limited time and then go back to their normal routine .
Still others may even try to go from door to door , but what are they preaching ?
The answer to that question makes it clear that they are not carrying out the work that Christ began .
17 , 18 . ( a ) Why can we be certain that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the ones who are preaching the good news of the Kingdom today ?
( b ) How is it possible for us to continue in this work ?
So who really are preaching the good news of the Kingdom today ?
With full confidence , we can say : “ Jehovah’s Witnesses ! ”
Why can we be so confident ?
Because we are preaching the right message , the good news of the Kingdom .
By going to the people , we are also using the correct methods .
Our preaching work is being done with the right motive ​ — love , not financial gain .
Our work has the greatest scope , reaching out to people of all nations and languages .
And we will continue to do this work without letup , year in and year out , until the end comes .
We truly marvel at what is being accomplished by God’s people in these exciting times in which we live .
But how is it possible for all of this to happen ?
The apostle Paul answers in his letter to the Philippians : “ God is the one who for the sake of his good pleasure energizes you , giving you both the desire and the power to act . ”
May all of us continue to be energized by our loving Father as we do our very best and fully accomplish our ministry . ​ — 2 Tim .
4 : 5 .
“ I , Jehovah , am your God , the One teaching you to benefit yourself . ” ​ — ISA .
48 : 17 .
SONGS : 117 , 114
What could cause us to miss out on the benefits of some spiritual provisions ?
What suggestions can help us to benefit from all portions of the Bible ?
How can we benefit from considering material directed to young people and to the public ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How do Jehovah’s Witnesses feel about the Bible ?
( b ) What is your favorite part of the Bible ?
JEHOVAH’S WITNESSES love the Bible .
It provides reliable instruction and helps us to find comfort and hope .
We view the Bible , not as a collection of human ideas , but “ just as it truthfully is , as the word of God . ” ​ — 1 Thess .
2 : 13 .
No doubt all of us have our favorite portions of the Bible .
Some especially enjoy the Gospels , which paint a beautiful picture of Jehovah’s personality as reflected in his Son .
Others are fond of parts of the Bible containing prophecy ​ — perhaps Revelation , with its preview of “ the things that must shortly take place . ”
And who among us has not found comfort in the Psalms or drawn practical lessons from the book of Proverbs ?
The Bible truly is a book for everyone .
3 , 4 . ( a ) How do we feel about our publications ?
( b ) What publications do we receive for specific groups of people ?
Because we love the Bible , we also love our Bible - based publications .
For instance , we appreciate the spiritual food we receive in the form of books , brochures , magazines , and other literature .
We know that these provisions from Jehovah help us to stay spiritually alert , well - fed , and “ healthy in faith . ” ​ — Titus 2 : 2 .
In addition to publications for Jehovah’s Witnesses in general , we receive Bible - based material that appeals to specific groups .
Some material is especially designed to help young people ; other material assists their parents .
Much of the material in print and on our website is prepared with the non - Witness public in mind .
Such an abundance of spiritual food reminds us that Jehovah has kept his promise to “ make for all the peoples a banquet of rich dishes . ” ​ — Isa .
25 : 6 .
We can be sure that Jehovah appreciates what ?
Very likely , most of us wish that we had more time to read the Bible and Bible - based publications .
We can be sure that Jehovah appreciates our efforts to make “ the best use of [ our ] time ” by engaging in regular Bible reading and personal study .
Realistically , we may not always be able to give equal attention to all the spiritual food available to us .
However , we need to be aware of a subtle danger .
What is it ?
What could cause us to miss out on the benefits of some of Jehovah’s provisions ?
There is a danger that we could miss out on some benefits because we assume that certain spiritual provisions do not apply to us .
For example , what if a portion of the Bible does not seem relevant to our situation ?
Or what if we are not part of the primary audience for a certain publication ?
Do we tend to give such information superficial consideration or even skip it altogether ?
If so , we could be depriving ourselves of information that would be of great benefit to us .
How can we avoid falling into that trap ?
Above all , each one of us should bear in mind that God is the Source of our spiritual provisions .
Through the prophet Isaiah , he said : “ I , Jehovah , am your God , the One teaching you to benefit yourself . ”
It will be helpful to consider three suggestions for benefiting from all portions of the Bible and the various types of spiritual food available to us .
Why do we need to read the Bible with an open mind ?
Read with an open mind .
The Bible clearly says that “ all Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial . ”
True , some portions of the Bible were initially directed to one individual or group .
That is why we need to read the Scriptures with an open mind .
“ When I read the Bible , I try to remember that there may be several lessons that can be drawn from a passage , ” says one brother .
He adds : “ Remembering this motivates me to look beyond the obvious . ”
Before reading God’s Word , we do well to pray for an open mind and for wisdom to discern the lessons that Jehovah wants us to learn . ​ — Ezra 7 : 10 ; read James 1 : 5 .
Are you getting the most out of your Bible reading ?
( See paragraph 7 )
8 , 9 . ( a ) When reading the Bible , what questions might we ask ourselves ?
( b ) What do the qualifications for Christian elders tell us about Jehovah ?
Ask questions .
As you read a Bible passage , take time to pause and ask yourself such questions as these : ‘ What does this tell me about Jehovah ?
How can I apply this information in my life ?
How can I use it to help others ? ’
When we reflect on such questions , we will surely get more out of our Bible reading .
As an example , think about the Scriptural qualifications for Christian elders .
( Read 1 Timothy 3 : 2 - 7 . )
Since the majority of us do not serve as elders , we might initially think that this passage would have little application to our own life .
However , when we consider a few of the many possible answers to the following questions , we will see that this list of qualifications can benefit all of us in a number of ways .
What does this tell me about Jehovah ?
By giving this list of qualifications , Jehovah reveals that he has a high standard for those who serve in an appointed capacity .
He expects them to set a good example , and he holds them accountable for the way they treat the congregation , “ which he purchased with the blood of his own Son . ”
Jehovah wants us to feel safe in the care of the appointed undershepherds .
From that standpoint , the Scriptural qualifications for Christian elders remind us of how much Jehovah truly cares for us .
10 , 11 . ( a ) When reading the qualifications for elders , how can we apply the information in our own life ?
( b ) How can we use this information to help others ?
How can I apply this information in my life ?
From time to time , an appointed man should examine himself in the light of these spiritual qualifications , looking for areas in which he can improve .
A brother who is “ reaching out to be an overseer ” needs to give careful attention to these qualifications , for he should strive to meet them to the best of his ability .
In fact , each Christian can learn from the qualifications listed in these verses , as most of them involve things that Jehovah asks of all Christians .
For instance , all of us should be reasonable and sound in mind .
As elders prove to be “ examples to the flock , ” we can learn from them and “ imitate their faith . ” ​ — 1 Pet .

5 : 3 ; Heb .

13 : 7 .
How can I use this information to help others ?
We could use the list of qualifications for Christian overseers to help interested ones or Bible students to see ways that elders among Jehovah’s Witnesses differ from the clergy of Christendom .
Also , when reading through the list , we might recall the effort that elders in our own congregation are putting forth in our behalf .
Reflecting on how they expend themselves deepens our “ respect for those who are working hard ” among us .
And the more we show our sincere respect for these hardworking overseers , the more we add to their joy . ​ — Heb .
13 : 17 .
12 , 13 . ( a ) Using tools available to us , what kind of research might we do ?
( b ) Give an example of how background information may reveal lessons that are not immediately obvious .
Do research .
Using tools available to us , we might look for such information as the following :
Who wrote this portion of the Scriptures ?
Where and when was it written ?
What significant events occurred when a particular Bible book was written ?
Background information of this nature may bring to light lessons that are not immediately obvious .
For example , consider Ezekiel 14 : 13 , 14 , where we read : “ If a land sins against me by acting unfaithfully , I will stretch out my hand against it and destroy its food supply , and I will send famine upon it and cut off man and animal from it . ‘ Even if these three men ​ — Noah , Daniel , and Job — ​ were within it , they would be able to save only themselves because of their righteousness , ’ declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah . ”
By doing some research , we learn that this portion of Ezekiel was written in about the year 612 B.C.E .
By that time , Noah and Job had been dead for centuries , and their record of faithfulness was in God’s memory .
But Daniel was still alive .
In fact , he may have been in his late teens or early 20 ’ s when Jehovah said that he was just as righteous as Noah and Job .
The lesson ?
Jehovah notices and values the integrity of all his faithful worshippers , including those who are relatively young . ​ — Ps . 148 : 12 - 14 .
How does the material published for young people help them , and how can it benefit others too ?
( See opening picture . )
Just as we find it beneficial to study all portions of God’s Word , we can benefit from all the spiritual food available to us .
Consider a few examples .
Material for young people .
In recent years , much of our literature has been published for young people .
Some of this material is designed to help them deal with the pressures at school or the challenges of adolescence .
How may all of us benefit from reading such material ?
When we do so , we are reminded of what our faithful young people are facing .
In turn , we are in a better position to help and encourage them .
Why should adult Christians be interested in information for young people ?
Many of the problems addressed in material for young people are not unique to them .
All of us need to defend our faith , control our emotions , reject harmful peer pressure , and avoid unwholesome associations and entertainment .
These topics and many others have been addressed in material designed for teenagers .
Should adult Christians feel that it is demeaning for them to read publications directed to young people ?
Not at all !
Although the material is presented in a way that appeals to youths , the information is based on timeless Scriptural principles , and all of us can benefit from these spiritual provisions .
What else do our publications help young people to do ?
Besides helping young people to deal with problems , our publications help them to grow spiritually and draw close to Jehovah .
( Read Ecclesiastes 12 : 1 , 13 . )
Here , too , adult Christians can benefit .

For example , the April 2009 issue of Awake ! included the article “ Young People Ask . . .
How Can I Make Bible Reading Enjoyable ? ”
The article provided a number of suggestions and included a box that could be cut out and kept in the Bible for reference .
Have adults also benefited from the article ?
“ I have always struggled with Bible reading , ” wrote a 24 - year - old wife and mother . “ I took to heart the suggestions in this article , and I am making good use of the cutout that was provided .
Now I look forward to Bible reading .
I can see how the books of the Bible harmonize and are interwoven like a beautiful tapestry .
I have never been this excited over Bible reading . ”
17 , 18 .
How can we benefit from reading material written for the public ?
Give an example .
Material for the public .
Since 2008 we have enjoyed the study edition of The Watchtower , which is written primarily for Jehovah’s Witnesses .
But what about our magazines that are principally for the public ?
Can we benefit from reading these too ?
Consider an illustration .
Imagine that one day , before the public talk , you notice that someone whom you invited has come to the Kingdom Hall .
No doubt you are thrilled .
As the public speaker delivers his talk , you are likely thinking about that visitor .
In effect , you are hearing the talk through his ears .
As a result , you come away from that talk with renewed appreciation for the subject .
We can experience something similar when we read material written for the public .
For example , the public edition of The Watchtower discusses Scriptural topics in terms that a non - Witness reader can understand .
The same is true of many of the articles published on jw.org , such as those in the sections entitled “ Bible Questions Answered ” and “ Frequently Asked Questions . ”
When we read this information , we deepen our appreciation for familiar truths .
Moreover , we may learn fresh ways to explain our beliefs when we are engaging in the ministry .
Similarly , Awake !
regularly strengthens our conviction that the true God exists , and it helps us learn how to defend our beliefs . ​ — Read 1 Peter 3 : 15 .
How can we show our gratitude to Jehovah for his provisions ?
Clearly , Jehovah has given us an abundance of provisions to fill our “ spiritual need . ”
May we continue to make use of all the spiritual provisions available to us .
We will thereby show our gratitude to the One who teaches us to benefit ourselves . ​ — Isa .
48 : 17 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 14 ) Such material includes Questions Young People Ask ​ — Answers That Work , Volumes 1 and 2 , as well as the series “ Young People Ask , ” which is now published exclusively online .
“ Keep perceiving what the will of Jehovah is . ” ​ — EPH .
5 : 17 .
SONGS : 69 , 57
How can our decisions affect us and others ?
When the Bible does not give us a specific law , how can we know what would please Jehovah ?
How can we get to know more about the way Jehovah thinks ?
What are some examples of Bible laws , and how does obeying them benefit us ?
THROUGH his written Word , Jehovah has given us a number of specific commands .
For example , he forbids sexual immorality , idolatry , stealing , and drunkenness .
Additionally , God’s Son , Jesus Christ , gave his followers this challenging , though thrilling , command : “ Go , . . . and make disciples of people of all the nations , baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit , teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you .
And look !
I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things . ”
What a protection divine laws and commandments have proved to be !
Obeying them has increased our self - respect , contributed to good health , and enhanced family happiness .
More important , our loyal adherence to Jehovah’s commands , including the command to share in the preaching work , has brought us his approval and blessing .
2 , 3 . ( a ) Why does the Bible not give us rules for every situation in life ?
( b ) What questions will be considered in this article ?
( See opening picture . )
However , there are numerous situations for which the Bible provides no specific command .
For example , the Scriptures do not contain detailed rules regarding what kind of clothing is appropriate attire for Christians .
How does this reflect Jehovah’s wisdom ?
Styles and customs vary not only in different parts of the world but also from one decade to the next .
If the Bible had provided a list of acceptable styles of dress and grooming , it would now be out - of - date in that regard .
For similar reasons , God’s inspired Word does not provide a lot of rules designed to govern a Christian’s choice of employment , health care , and entertainment .
Individuals and family heads are therefore free to make decisions regarding these matters .
Does this mean that it does not matter to Jehovah what we choose to do when we face the challenge of making important decisions , some of which might have a profound effect on our life ?
Will our heavenly Father approve of any decision we make as long as it does not break a Bible law ?
In the absence of specific laws , how can we know what choices will please Jehovah ?
4 , 5 .
How could our decisions affect us and others ?
Some may feel that it does not matter what we choose to do .
To make wise decisions that please Jehovah , however , we must consider the laws and principles found in his written Word and comply with them .
For instance , to have God’s approval , we must act in harmony with his law on blood .
Prayer will help us to make decisions that relate to Scriptural principles and laws .
Weighty personal decisions can have quite a bearing on our spiritual health and welfare .
Every choice we make will likely affect our relationship with Jehovah ​ — either for good or for bad .
A good decision will strengthen our relationship with God , whereas a bad one may damage it .
Moreover , a poor decision could injure others spiritually by disturbing , or even stumbling , them or by disrupting the unity of the congregation .
Indeed , our personal decisions do matter . ​ — Read Romans 14 : 19 ; Galatians 6 : 7 .
What should guide our decisions ?
What should we do in situations that do not involve a direct Bible command ?
Under such circumstances , it is our personal responsibility to examine the details and make a choice that is guided , not by mere personal preference , but by what Jehovah will approve of and bless . ​ — Read Psalm 37 : 5 .
Where there is no Bible law , how can we find out what Jehovah would want us to do in a certain situation ?
You may wonder , ‘ How can we know what Jehovah approves of if his Word provides no specific command on the matter ? ’
Ephesians 5 : 17 states : “ Keep perceiving what the will of Jehovah is . ”
In the absence of a direct Bible law , how can we perceive the will of God ?
By praying to him and accepting his guidance by holy spirit .
How did Jesus perceive what Jehovah wanted him to do ?
Give an example .
Consider how Jesus perceived what his Father wanted him to do .
On two reported occasions , Jesus first prayed and then miraculously provided food for large crowds .
Yet , he refused to turn stones into bread when he was hungry and was tempted by the Devil in the wilderness .
( Read Matthew 4 : 2 - 4 . )
Because he was familiar with his Father’s thinking , Jesus knew that he should not turn the stones into bread .
Yes , Jesus realized that it was not God’s will that he use such power for his own personal benefit .
By refusing to do so , he showed that he was relying on Jehovah for guidance and sustenance .
9 , 10 .
What will help us make wise decisions ?
Illustrate .
If we are to make wise decisions , as Jesus did , we must rely on Jehovah for guidance .
We need to act in accord with these wise words : “ Trust in Jehovah with all your heart , and do not rely on your own understanding .
In all your ways take notice of him , and he will make your paths straight .
Do not become wise in your own eyes .
Fear Jehovah and turn away from bad . ”
Getting to know Jehovah’s thinking through Bible study can help us to perceive what God would want us to do in a particular situation .
The more familiar we are with Jehovah’s thoughts , the more our heart will become sensitive to his guidance . ​ — Ezek . 11 : 19 , ftn .
To illustrate : Imagine a married woman who is shopping .
She sees a pair of shoes that she would like to have , but they are very expensive .
So she asks herself , ‘ How would my husband feel about my spending that much money ? ’
Likely , she already knows the answer , even though her husband is not with her .
Why does she know ?
Because over a period of time , she has become familiar with his way of thinking about their limited budget .
As a result , she perceives what her husband’s thoughts on such a purchase would be .
In a comparable way , as we become progressively acquainted with Jehovah’s thoughts and ways , we improve in our ability to perceive what our heavenly Father would want us to do in various circumstances .
What questions can we ask ourselves when we read or study the Bible ?
( See the box “ When Studying God’s Word , Ask Yourself . ” )
To acquaint ourselves with Jehovah’s thinking , we need to make personal study a priority .
When reading or studying God’s Word , we might ask ourselves , ‘ What does this material reveal about Jehovah , his righteous ways , and his thinking ? ’
We need to have an attitude like that of the psalmist David , who sang : “ Make me know your ways , O Jehovah ; teach me your paths .
Cause me to walk in your truth and teach me , for you are my God of salvation . In you I hope all day long . ”
As you meditate on a Bible passage , you might consider questions like these : ‘ How can I apply this information in my family ?
Where can I apply it ?
At home ?
At work ?
At school ?
In the ministry ? ’
Once we have determined where the material can be applied , it may become easier to perceive how we can put it to work .
How can our publications and meetings help us to get to know what Jehovah thinks about various matters ?
Another way to become more familiar with Jehovah’s thinking is by paying close attention to Bible - based guidance from his organization .
For example , the Watch Tower Publications Index and the Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses are produced to help us learn about Jehovah’s thinking on numerous situations requiring that we make personal decisions .
We also benefit greatly by listening carefully at Christian meetings and participating in them .
Meditating on what is being taught will help us to discern more about Jehovah’s thinking and to make his thoughts our own .
By making diligent use of Jehovah’s provisions for spiritual feeding , we will progressively become more familiar with his ways .
As a result , we will be in a better position to make personal decisions that our loving God will bless .
Give an example of how we can make a wise decision when we consider what Jehovah thinks .
Consider an example that shows how knowledge of Jehovah’s thinking can help us to make wise decisions .
As Kingdom publishers , we may desire to enter the full - time ministry as regular pioneers .
In order to make this possible , we begin taking steps to simplify our life .
At the same time , we may find ourselves worrying about whether we could be genuinely happy with less in a material way .
Of course , there is no Bible command that we pioneer ; we could continue serving Jehovah as faithful publishers .
However , Jesus assures us that those who make sacrifices for the Kingdom will receive abundant blessings .
( Read Luke 18 : 29 , 30 . )
Moreover , the Scriptures show that it pleases Jehovah when we make “ voluntary offerings of praise ” to him and cheerfully do what we can to advance true worship .
From these Scriptural points , along with prayers for guidance , can we not perceive Jehovah’s thinking ?
Reflecting on these thoughts may help us come to a decision that will be practical for us and will have our heavenly Father’s blessing .
How can you determine if a certain style of clothing is pleasing to Jehovah ?
Consider another example : Suppose you are drawn to a certain style of dress that could possibly disturb some in the congregation .
Yet , you may know of no specific Bible law that forbids it .
What is Jehovah’s mind on the matter ?
The apostle Paul offered this inspired counsel : “ The women should adorn themselves in appropriate dress , with modesty and soundness of mind , not with styles of hair braiding and gold or pearls or very expensive clothing , but in the way that is proper for women professing devotion to God , namely , through good works . ”
In principle , this counsel applies equally to Christian men .
As devoted servants of Jehovah , we are concerned not only with our personal preferences but with the effect that our dress and grooming could have on others .
Modesty and love move us to take into account the opinions of fellow believers in order to avoid distracting or even offending them .
Bearing in mind what the Scriptures say can help us perceive Jehovah’s thinking on this matter and can guide us in making decisions that please him .
15 , 16 . ( a ) How does Jehovah feel if we keep on thinking about sexually immoral things ?
( b ) When we are choosing entertainment , how can we know what is pleasing to Jehovah ?
( c ) How should weighty decisions be made ?
The Bible reveals that Jehovah is saddened when people pursue a wicked course and ‘ the inclination of their thoughts is only bad all the time . ’
( Read Genesis 6 : 5 , 6 . )
From this we can perceive that sexual fantasizing is wrong because it can lead to serious sin that is forbidden in the Scriptures and is out of harmony with Jehovah’s way of thinking .
The disciple James wrote : “ The wisdom from above is first of all pure , then peaceable , reasonable , ready to obey , full of mercy and good fruits , impartial , not hypocritical . ”
Being aware of this , we should be moved to reject entertainment that fuels impure thoughts and inclinations .
Perceptive Christians do not need to ask whether it is acceptable to be entertained by a certain book , movie , or game that features what Jehovah hates .
His mind on such matters is made clear in his Word .
Many matters could be decided one way or another , and Jehovah would still be pleased .
In the case of weighty decisions , though , it is sometimes advisable to seek counsel from the elders or the advice of other experienced Christians .

Of course , it would be inappropriate to ask others to make a decision for us .
Christians must train and exercise their powers of discernment .
All of us should act in accord with Paul’s inspired words : “ Each one will carry his own load of responsibility . ” ​ — Gal . 6 : 5 , ftn .
How do we benefit from making decisions that please Jehovah ?
When we base our decisions on Jehovah’s thinking , we draw closer to him .
We enjoy his approval and blessing .
This , in turn , strengthens our faith in our heavenly Father .
Therefore , let us be guided by Bible laws and principles , for they reveal God’s mind on matters .
Of course , we will always have something new to learn about Jehovah .
With diligent effort , however , we can even now acquire the wisdom , knowledge , and discernment needed to make wise decisions .
The ideas and plans of imperfect humans come and go , but the psalmist fittingly reminds us : “ The decisions of Jehovah will stand forever ; the thoughts of his heart are from generation to generation . ”
Clearly , we can make the best personal decisions when our thoughts and actions are in harmony with the thinking of our all - wise God , Jehovah .
What does this teach me about Jehovah’s righteous ways ?
How can I apply this information . . .
at home ?
at work ?
at school ?
in the ministry ?
“ Be transformed by making your mind over . ” ​ — ROM .
12 : 2 .
SONGS : 61 , 52
After baptism , why should we keep making changes ?
Why does God expect us to put forth effort to overcome our weaknesses ?
What can we do to let God’s Word keep on changing our life ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) What changes may it be hard for us to make after our baptism ?
( b ) When making progress is harder than we expected , what questions might we ask ?
( See opening pictures . )
UPON learning the truth , Kevin wanted nothing more than a close relationship with Jehovah .
For many years , however , he had been involved in gambling , smoking , heavy drinking , and drug abuse .
In order to have God’s approval , Kevin would have to give up these unscriptural practices .
This he did by relying on Jehovah and on the transforming power of His written Word . ​ — Heb .
4 : 12 .
After his baptism , did Kevin stop making changes in his life ?
No , for he still had work to do in cultivating and refining his Christian qualities .
For example , he found that controlling his quick temper was surprisingly difficult .
Kevin admitted , “ Learning to control my temper was actually harder than quitting my old vices ! ”
Kevin made needed changes through earnest prayer and intense Bible study .
Like Kevin , many of us had to make significant changes prior to our baptism in order to bring our life into harmony with the Bible’s basic requirements .
After baptism , we discerned the need to continue making changes ​ — more subtle ones — ​ so as to imitate God and Christ more closely .
For instance , we may have noted in ourselves a critical spirit , a fear of man , a tendency toward harmful gossip , or some other weakness .
Has making progress in this regard proved to be harder than we expected ?
If so , you may wonder : ‘ Having made big changes already , why is it so hard for me to keep making smaller adjustments ?
How can I make further progress in allowing the Bible to change my life ? ’
Why are we unable to please Jehovah in everything we do ?
We who have come to know and love Jehovah desire with all our heart to do what pleases him .
Regardless of how fervent that desire may be , however , our imperfect state renders us incapable of pleasing God at all times .
We find ourselves in a situation like that of the apostle Paul , who wrote : “ I have the desire to do what is fine but not the ability to carry it out . ” ​ — Rom . 7 : 18 ; Jas .
3 : 2 . What changes did we make before we got baptized , but what weaknesses may we still struggle with ?
We have put away sinful practices that would disqualify us as members of the Christian congregation .
Nevertheless , we are still imperfect .
It is therefore unrealistic to expect that after baptism ​ — or even after many years in the truth — ​ we will no longer make mistakes , experience setbacks , or be troubled with wrong motives and inclinations .
Certain tendencies might persist for years .
6 , 7 . ( a ) What makes it possible for us to be Jehovah’s friends even though we are imperfect ?
( b ) Why should we not hold back from asking Jehovah for forgiveness ?
Our inherited imperfection does not need to prevent us from enjoying Jehovah’s friendship or continuing to serve him .
Consider this : When Jehovah drew us into a relationship with him , he knew that we would err at times .
Since God knows our traits and what is in our heart , he surely was aware of what sort of imperfect tendencies would be particularly troublesome for us .
And he knew that we would occasionally transgress .
Yet , this did not prevent Jehovah from wanting us as his friends .
Love moved God to offer us a precious gift ​ — the ransom sacrifice of his beloved Son .
If on the basis of this priceless provision we repentantly seek Jehovah’s forgiveness when we err , we can have the confidence that our friendship with him is still intact .
Should we hesitate to avail ourselves of the benefits of the ransom because we feel unclean or sinful ?
Of course not !
That would be like refusing to use water to wash our hands when they are dirty .
After all , the ransom is provided for repentant sinners .
Thanks to the ransom , then , we can enjoy a friendship with Jehovah even though we are in an imperfect state . ​ — Read 1 Timothy 1 : 15 .
Why should we not ignore our weaknesses ?
Of course , we do not simply ignore our weaknesses .
Cultivating our friendship with Jehovah involves striving to imitate God and Christ more closely and being the sort of people they want us to be .
It also involves endeavoring to control our imperfect tendencies , even eliminating them where possible .
Whether we got baptized recently or have been in the truth for many years , we must “ continue . . . to be readjusted . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
13 : 11 .
How do we know that we can keep putting on the new personality ?
Continued effort is required in order “ to be readjusted ” and manifest “ the new personality . ”
Paul reminded fellow believers : “ You were taught to put away the old personality that conforms to your former course of conduct and that is being corrupted according to its deceptive desires . And you should continue to be made new in your dominant mental attitude , and should put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty . ”
The expression “ continue to be made new ” indicates that putting on the new personality is an ongoing process .
This is encouraging , for it assures us that regardless of how long we have been serving Jehovah , we can keep making progress in cultivating and refining the Christian qualities that make up the new personality .
Yes , the Bible can continue to change our life .
What must we do to keep making changes with the help of the Bible , and what questions might we ask ?
We must exert ourselves if we are to allow God’s Word to continue changing us .
But why is intense effort necessary on our part ?
If Jehovah is blessing our endeavors , should not spiritual progress come more easily ?
Could not Jehovah simply override our wrong inclinations to the point that we could display godly qualities with minimal effort ?
11 - 13 .
Why does Jehovah expect us to put forth effort to overcome our weaknesses ?
When we contemplate the physical universe , we realize that Jehovah has great power .
For example , the sun changes five million tons of its matter into energy every second .
Although only a small amount passes through our globe’s atmosphere , it is enough to provide adequate heat and light to sustain life on earth .
Jehovah is pleased to give an appropriate measure of power to his human servants when needed .
Yes , God could even give us the strength to conquer every weakness without having to struggle with or learn from our mistakes .
Why does he not do so ?
Jehovah has given us the peerless gift of free will .
By choosing to do God’s will and by working hard to do so , we show our depth of love for Jehovah and our desire to please him .
We also demonstrate our support of his sovereignty .
Satan has challenged the rightfulness of Jehovah’s sovereignty , so our voluntary and vigorous efforts to uphold it are undoubtedly of special value to our benevolent and appreciative heavenly Father .
However , if Jehovah completely relieved us of the need to exert ourselves to fight our imperfect tendencies so as to please him , any claim of loyalty and support of his sovereignty would be meaningless .
Thus , Jehovah tells us to put forth “ earnest effort ” in developing godly qualities .
( Read 2 Peter 1 : 5 - 7 ; Col .
3 : 12 ) He expects us to work hard to control our thoughts and feelings .
Having made a genuine effort in this regard , we feel all the more satisfied when we realize that the Bible is still changing our life .
14 , 15 .
What can we do to develop qualities that Jehovah loves ?
( See the box “ The Bible and Prayer Changed Their Lives . ” )
What might we do to cultivate godly qualities and please Jehovah ?

We must do more than embark on a program of self - improvement .
We need to keep exerting ourselves and following God’s instructions , for Romans 12 : 2 states : “ Stop being molded by this system of things , but be transformed by making your mind over , so that you may prove to yourselves the good and acceptable and perfect will of God . ”
By means of his Word and holy spirit , Jehovah helps us to discern his will , to do it , and to change our life to the extent necessary in order to meet his requirements .
Our efforts should include such activities as daily Bible reading , meditation on the Scriptures , and prayer for holy spirit .
As we yield to the guidance of God’s holy spirit and align our thinking with Jehovah’s viewpoint as revealed in his Word , we will become more godly in our thoughts , words , and actions . Even then , we will need to remain on guard against succumbing to our particular weaknesses . ​ — Prov .
4 : 23 .
It may be helpful to collect and review scriptures and articles that deal with your weaknesses ( See paragraph 15 )
In addition to daily Bible reading , we need to study God’s Word along with our Christian publications with a view to imitating Jehovah’s wonderful qualities .
Some have found it practical to collect and occasionally review certain scriptures and Watchtower or Awake !
articles that are especially helpful in cultivating Christian qualities or in overcoming particular weaknesses .
Why should we not be discouraged if we are not able to make changes quickly ?
If your spiritual progress seems slow , remember that such growth takes time .
The cultivating of spiritual qualities is an ongoing process .
We must be patient as we endeavor to let the Bible continue to produce positive changes in our life .
At first , we may need to discipline ourselves to do what is Scripturally right .
In time , though , thinking and acting in a godly way will likely become easier and more natural for us as our thoughts and actions progressively line up with those of Jehovah God . ​ — Ps . 37 : 31 ; Prov . 23 : 12 ; Gal .
5 : 16 , 17 .
If we are loyal to Jehovah , what delightful future can we look forward to ?
Loyal worshippers of Jehovah will eventually have the privilege of serving him forever in perfection .
At that time , manifesting godly qualities will no longer be a struggle but will always be an exquisite delight .
Meanwhile , thanks to the ransom , we are permitted to worship our loving God .
We can do so even in our present imperfect state if we continue striving to submit to the transforming power of his Word .
18 , 19 .
How can we be sure that the Bible has power to continue changing our life ?
Kevin , who was mentioned earlier , worked earnestly to bring his temper under control .
He meditated on and applied Bible principles , and he accepted the help and counsel offered by fellow Christians .
Over the course of a few years , Kevin made significant improvement .
Eventually , he qualified to be appointed as a ministerial servant , and for the past 20 years , he has been serving as a congregation elder .
Even so , he sees the need to remain on guard against any spiritual relapse .
Kevin’s experience shows that the Bible helps God’s people to continue making positive changes in their life .
Therefore , let us never give up in allowing God’s Word to keep transforming us and bringing us into a closer relationship with Jehovah .
As we see Jehovah’s blessing on our efforts , we will have clear evidence that the Bible can keep changing our life . ​ — Ps . 34 : 8 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 1 ) The name has been changed .
Russell was critical and demanding of his fellow worshippers .
Maria Victoria loved to gossip .
Linda experienced an intense fear of man whenever she engaged in the ministry .
All three of these baptized Christians felt that it would be nearly impossible to change because their imperfect leanings were so strong .
However , all of them have made significant progress in overcoming their weaknesses .
Note what helped them .
Russell : “ Supplicating Jehovah in prayer and a daily dose of Bible reading helped me .
Meditating on 2 Peter 2 : 11 and on personal counsel from the elders made a big difference . ”
Maria Victoria : “ I fervently prayed to Jehovah to help me control my tongue .
I also saw the need to stop having close association with people who loved to gossip .
Psalm 64 : 1 - 4 made me realize that I did not want to be one from whom others pray to be safeguarded !
I also came to appreciate that continuing to gossip would make me a poor example and bring reproach on Jehovah’s name . ”
Linda : “ I familiarized myself with our tracts so as to be prepared to offer them .
Associating with those who enjoy various avenues of service has been a great help .
And I continue to rely on Jehovah through prayer . ”
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe . It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority . This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations . To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .
Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
COVER SUBJECT | ENLIGHTENING VISIONS OF THE SPIRIT REALM
Have you ever wondered about the spirit realm and those who live there ?
If so , you are not alone .
For millenniums , people have speculated on that subject .
Some believe that the spirit world is inhabited by ancestors who must be honored .
Others envision a place of blissful tranquillity called heaven , populated by angels and good people who have died .
Still others see the spirit world as a home for hundreds of millions of deities .
Many people argue that we cannot know anything about the spirit realm because no eyewitness has come from there to tell us about it .
That line of reasoning , however , is incorrect .
Jesus Christ existed in heaven , in the spirit realm , before he came to the earth .
He said so quite openly to the religious leaders in the first century : “ I have come down from heaven to do , not my own will , but the will of him who sent me . ”
So Jesus was sharing firsthand information when he told his apostles : “ In the house of my Father are many dwelling places . ” ​ — John 6 : 38 ; 14 : 2 .
Jesus ’ Father , of course , is God , whose name is Jehovah , and Jehovah’s “ house ” is in the heavens .
Thus , no one could describe the invisible world better than Jehovah God and Jesus Christ could .
They have revealed much information about the spirit realm by means of spectacular visions that they gave to faithful ones .
The following article discusses portions of the Bible that describe what men saw in a number of visions .
As you consider these visions , remember that the spirit realm is not material , with things that we can touch or see .
Thus , rather than choosing to explain matters to us in spiritual terms , which would be incomprehensible to us , God fashioned the visions to depict spiritual realities in terms that we can comprehend .
The visions will help you to understand those who inhabit the spirit realm’s “ many dwelling places . ”
COVER SUBJECT | ENLIGHTENING VISIONS OF THE SPIRIT REALM
The Bible presents a number of fascinating visions that permit us to peer , as it were , into the invisible heavenly realm .
We invite you to take a careful look at them .
Although not everything described in the visions is to be taken literally , the visions can help you not only to visualize those who dwell in the spirit realm but also to understand how they can affect you .
“ A throne was in its position in heaven , and someone was seated on the throne .
And the One seated had the appearance of a jasper stone and a sardius stone , and all around the throne was a rainbow like an emerald in appearance . ” ​ — Revelation 4 : 2 , 3 .
“ There was a brilliance all around him like that of a rainbow in a cloud on a rainy day .
That was how the surrounding brilliant light appeared .
It was like the appearance of the glory of Jehovah . ” ​ — Ezekiel 1 : 27 , 28 .
These visions , given to the apostle John and the prophet Ezekiel , depict the splendor of the Most High God , Jehovah , with things we can readily envision ​ — dazzling gemstones , a rainbow , and the majesty of a throne .
They tell us that Jehovah’s presence is one of awe - inspiring beauty , pleasantness , and serenity .
These depictions of God harmonize with the words of the psalmist who wrote : “ Jehovah is great and most worthy of praise . He is more awe - inspiring than all other gods .
All the gods of the peoples are worthless gods , but Jehovah is the one who made the heavens .
In his presence are majesty and splendor ; strength and beauty are in his sanctuary . ” ​ — Psalm 96 : 4 - 6 .
Though Jehovah is the Supreme One , he invites us to approach him in prayer and assures us that he listens to us .
God loves and cares for us so much that the apostle John could truthfully write : “ God is love . ” ​ — 1 John 4 : 8 .
“ [ The Christian disciple Stephen ] , being full of holy spirit , gazed into heaven and caught sight of God’s glory and of Jesus standing at God’s right hand , and he said : ‘ Look ! I see the heavens opened up and the Son of man standing at God’s right hand . ’ ” ​ — Acts 7 : 55 , 56 .
Shortly before Stephen had this vision , Jesus was put to death at the instigation of the very ones whom Stephen was addressing ​ — the Jewish leaders .
The vision confirmed that Jesus was alive and that he had been resurrected and honored .
About this , the apostle Paul wrote : “ [ Jehovah ] raised [ Jesus ] up from the dead and seated him at his right hand in the heavenly places , far above every government and authority and power and lordship and every name that is named , not only in this system of things but also in that to come . ” ​ — Ephesians 1 : 20 , 21 .
In addition to describing his lofty position , the Scriptures show that Jesus , like Jehovah , cares deeply for humans .
During his ministry on earth , Jesus healed the sick , cured the infirm , and raised the dead .
By his sacrificial death , he demonstrated his deep love for God and for mankind .
Standing at God’s right hand , Jesus will soon exercise his authority and bring great blessings to obedient humans everywhere .
“ I [ the prophet Daniel ] kept watching until thrones were set in place and the Ancient of Days [ Jehovah ] sat down . . . . A thousand thousands kept ministering to him , and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him . ” ​ — Daniel 7 : 9 , 10 .
In this vision of heaven , Daniel saw not just one angel but multitudes .
What an awe - inspiring vision that must have been !
Angels are glorious spirit persons , intelligent and powerful .
Their ranks include seraphs and cherubs .
The Bible mentions angels more than 250 times .
Angels are not former humans who had lived on earth .
God created angels long before man’s appearance .
At the founding of the earth , the angels were on hand to observe and to shout in applause . ​ — Job 38 : 4 - 7 .
One way faithful angels minister to God is by being involved in the most important work being done on earth today ​ — the proclamation of the good news of God’s Kingdom .
Their involvement in this work was revealed in a vision to the apostle John , who wrote : “ I saw another angel flying in midheaven , and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth , to every nation and tribe and tongue and people . ”
Though angels do not speak to people today as they did on occasion in times past , they do help guide those preaching the good news to honesthearted ones .
“ War broke out in heaven : Michael [ Jesus Christ ] and his angels battled with the dragon , and the dragon and its angels battled but they did not prevail , nor was a place found for them any longer in heaven .
So down the great dragon was hurled , the original serpent , the one called Devil and Satan , who is misleading the entire inhabited earth ; he was hurled down to the earth , and his angels were hurled down with him . ” ​ — Revelation 12 : 7 - 9 .
Heaven has not always been peaceful .
At the very dawn of human history , one of the angels , consumed by a desire to be worshipped , rebelled against Jehovah , becoming Satan , meaning “ Resister . ”
Other angels later joined in the rebellion and became known as demons .
Thoroughly evil , they bitterly oppose Jehovah and have led most humans on a course contrary to Jehovah’s loving direction .
Satan and his demons are depraved and cruel .
They are enemies of mankind and have contributed to much of the suffering on earth .
For example , Satan killed the livestock and the servants of the faithful man Job .
Next , he killed all ten of Job’s children by causing “ a great wind ” to crush the house they were in .
After that , Satan struck Job with “ painful boils from the sole of his foot to the crown of his head . ” ​ — Job 1 : 7 - 19 ; 2 : 7 .
Soon , though , Satan will be done away with .
Since being hurled to the vicinity of the earth , he knows that “ he has a short period of time . ”
Satan is doomed , and that certainly is good news !
“ You [ Jesus ] bought people for God out of every tribe and tongue and people and nation , and you made them to be a kingdom and priests to our God , and they are to rule as kings over the earth . ” ​ — Revelation 5 : 9 , 10 .
Just as Jesus was resurrected from earth to life in heaven , others will be too .
Jesus said to his faithful apostles : “ I am going my way to prepare a place for you . Also , . . . I will come again and will receive you home to myself , so that where I am you also may be . ” ​ — John 14 : 2 , 3 .
Those who go to heaven go there for a purpose .
Along with Jesus , they will make up a Kingdom government that will eventually rule over the inhabitants of all the earth and bring blessings to them .
This is the Kingdom that Jesus told his followers to pray for in the model prayer : “ Our Father in the heavens , let your name be sanctified .
Let your Kingdom come . Let your will take place , as in heaven , also on earth . ” ​ — Matthew 6 : 9 , 10 .
“ I [ the apostle John ] heard a loud voice from the throne say : ‘ Look !
The tent of God is with mankind , . . . and he will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore .
The former things have passed away . ’ ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 3 , 4 .
This prophetic vision points to the time when God’s Kingdom , made up of Jesus and those resurrected from the earth , will bring an end to Satan’s rule and make the earth a paradise .
Things that have caused so much pain and sorrow to humankind will be no more .
Even death will pass away .
What , though , of the billions who have died and will not be resurrected to heaven ?
At a future time , they will be restored to life with the prospect of living forever in that Paradise on earth . ​ — Luke 23 : 43 .


Like prisoners in chains , millions of people are shackled by superstition and the dread of evil spirits .
They look to charms , amulets , and magic potions to protect themselves .
There is no need for you to do so .
The Bible gives this comforting assurance : “ The eyes of Jehovah are roving about through all the earth to show his strength in behalf of those whose heart is complete toward him . ”
The true God , Jehovah , who is far more powerful than Satan , will protect you if you trust in Him .
To gain Jehovah’s protection , you need to learn what is pleasing to him and then do it .
For example , in the first century , Christians in the city of Ephesus collected all their books on magic and burned them .
Similarly , to have God’s protection , you must dispose of charms , amulets , fetishes , magic books , “ protective ” strings , and anything else connected with demonistic practices .
The Bible says : “ Subject yourselves to God ; but oppose the Devil , and he will flee from you . ”
If you subject yourself to Jehovah by obeying and serving him , you can be sure that Satan and the demons can have no hold on you .
These visions assure us that Jehovah God and his Son , Jesus Christ , as well as the faithful angels and those who have been bought from the earth , all deeply care about us and seek our welfare .
To learn more about what they will do , we invite you to contact Jehovah’s Witnesses or go to our website , www.jw.org , and download the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
WOULD YOU SAY THAT HE ANSWERS THE PRAYERS OF . . .
Everyone
Some people
No one
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
“ Jehovah is near to all . . . who call on him in truth . ” ​ — Psalm 145 : 18 .
WHAT ELSE CAN WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE ?
God ignores the prayers of those who rebel against him .
However , they can “ set matters straight ” with him by changing their ways . ​ — Isaiah 1 : 18 .
For God to answer a prayer , it must be in harmony with his requirements as found in the Bible . ​ — 1 John 5 : 14 .
SOME PEOPLE BELIEVE that they must always kneel , bow their head , or place their hands together when praying .
What do you think ?
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
God has accepted prayers from those who “ sat down ” or “ stood up ” or those who were “ lying prostrate ” or “ kneeling down . ”
He does not require a specific bodily position when we pray .
WHAT ELSE CAN WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE ?
God listens to those who are humble . ​ — Psalm 138 : 6 .
You can pray in any language , or even silently . ​ — 2 Chronicles 6 : 32 , 33 ; Nehemiah 2 : 1 - 6 .
For more information , see chapter 17 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
If someone asked you what heaven is like , how would you answer ?
We can learn from Jesus because he said : “ I am from the realms above . ” ​ — John 8 : 23 .
This issue of The Watchtower discusses what Jesus and his Father have revealed about heaven .
3 Jehovah “ Cares for You ”
6 Appreciating Jehovah as Our Potter
11 Do You Let the Great Potter Mold You ?
Pottery is a craft in which the artisan works very closely with his material .
In these two articles , we will see how Jehovah fulfills his role as “ our Potter ” and what we must do in order to be like soft clay in his hands .
16 Questions From Readers
18 “ Jehovah Our God Is One Jehovah ”
In what ways is Jehovah our God “ one Jehovah ” ?
How does that affect our relationship with him and with fellow worshippers ?
In today’s diversified and multicultural world , we must understand what Jehovah requires of us so that we can have him as “ our God . ”
23 Do Not Let the Faults of Others Stumble You
All humans have faults that can hurt others .
What Bible examples can help us understand how we should react when the words or deeds of others hurt us ?
28 A Godly Quality More Precious Than Diamonds
32 Do You Remember ?
WHY can you be sure that those words are true and that Jehovah truly does care for you ?
One reason is that the Bible specifically says so .
First Peter 5 : 7 states : “ Throw all your anxiety on him , because he cares for you . ”
What evidence do you have that Jehovah God takes an interest in you ?
Setting the example , Jehovah is kind and openhanded
For one thing , God has qualities that you likely look for in your best friends .
Those who treat one another with kindness and generosity often become close friends .
As you can easily see , Jehovah is kind and generous to humans every day .
Consider one example : “ He makes his sun rise on both the wicked and the good and makes it rain on both the righteous and the unrighteous . ”
What do sunshine and rain accomplish ?
Among other things , by means of them , God ‘ satisfies people with food and fills their hearts with gladness . ’
Yes , Jehovah sees to it that the earth produces plenty of food , and few things make us happier than a good meal .
Why , then , do so many go hungry ?
Because human rulers often concentrate on gaining political power and making financial profits rather than on improving the lives of the people .
Jehovah will soon solve that problem of greed by replacing the current political system with the heavenly Kingdom , with his Son serving as King .
At that time , no one will go hungry .
In the meantime , God sustains his faithful servants .
Is that not a manifestation of his care ?
Setting the example , Jehovah is generous with his time
A good friend shares his time with you .
He may spend hours talking with you about what interests both of you .
And a good friend will listen carefully when you tell him about your problems and concerns .
Is Jehovah attentive in that way ?
Yes , indeed !
He is receptive to our prayers .
Thus , the Bible encourages us to “ persevere in prayer , ” even to “ pray constantly . ” ​ — Rom . 12 : 12 ; 1 Thess .
5 : 17 .
How much time is Jehovah willing to spend listening to your prayers ?
An example from the Bible gives us the answer .
Before Jesus selected his apostles , “ he spent the whole night in prayer to God . ”
In that prayer , Jesus likely reviewed many of his disciples by name , considered their qualities and weaknesses , and asked his Father for help in choosing them .
By the time the sun shone on a new day , Jesus knew that he had selected those best qualified to serve as his apostles .
As the “ Hearer of prayer , ” Jehovah is pleased to listen to all sincere prayers .
Even if a person spends hours praying over a matter of deep concern , Jehovah does not keep track of the time .
Setting the example , Jehovah is willing to forgive
When it comes to forgiveness , even good friends sometimes struggle .
At times , people break off long - standing friendships because they find it too hard to extend forgiveness .
Jehovah is not like that .
The Bible invites all sincere individuals to ask for his forgiveness , “ for he will forgive in a large way . ”
What motivates God to forgive so freely ?
The reason is God’s incomparable love .
He loves the world so much that he has given his Son , Jesus , to rescue humans from sin and the harm that it brings to mankind .
In fact , the ransom accomplishes more .
By means of Christ’s sacrifice , God freely forgives those whom he loves .
The apostle John wrote : “ If we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous so as to forgive us our sins . ”
Because of Jehovah’s forgiveness , people can continue to enjoy his friendship , and knowing this touches us deeply .
Setting the example , Jehovah is there for us when we need him
A true friend comes to the aid of others when they need help .
Does Jehovah do the same ?
His Word says : “ Although [ one of God’s servants ] may fall , he will not be hurled down , for Jehovah supports him by the hand . ”
Jehovah ‘ supports his servants ’ in various ways .
Note this experience from the Caribbean island of St .
Croix .
A young girl was pressured by her classmates because for religious reasons she did not salute the flag .
After praying to Jehovah for help , she decided to face the issue .
She gave her next report to the class on the subject of flag salute .
Using My Book of Bible Stories , she explained how the account of Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego had a bearing on her decision .
She said , “ Jehovah protected those three Hebrews because they would not give worship to an image . ”
Then she offered the book to those present .
Eleven of her fellow students wanted a copy .
Realizing that Jehovah had given her strength and wisdom to give a witness on that sensitive subject , the young girl felt very happy .
If you ever doubt that Jehovah cares for you , meditate on such Bible passages as Psalm 34 : 17 - 19 ; 55 : 22 ; and 145 : 18 , 19 .
Ask longtime Witnesses how Jehovah has cared for them .
And when you need God’s help , pray to him about the matter .
You will soon see how Jehovah “ cares for you . ”
“ O Jehovah , . . . you are our Potter ; we are all the work of your hand . ” ​ — ISA .
64 : 8 .
SONGS : 89 , 26
how Jehovah chooses those whom he will mold ?
why Jehovah molds his people ?
how God molds those who submit to him ?
Why is Jehovah the greatest Potter ?
IN November 2010 , a bid of nearly 70 million dollars was made in London , England , for an 18th - century Chinese ceramic vase .
Clearly , a potter can turn something as abundant and inexpensive as clay into a beautiful and costly masterpiece .
Yet , no human potter can begin to compare with Jehovah .
Late in the sixth creative day , God fashioned “ out of dust [ clay ] from the ground ” a perfect man and gave him the capacity to reflect his Maker’s qualities .
That perfect man , Adam , who was made from the earth was rightly called a “ son of God . ” ​ — Luke 3 : 38 .
2 , 3 .
How can we imitate the attitude of repentant Israelites ?
Adam , however , lost his sonship when he rebelled against his Maker .
Nonetheless , throughout the generations “ a great cloud ” of Adam’s descendants have chosen to uphold God’s sovereignty .
By humbly submitting to their Creator , they have demonstrated that they wanted him , not Satan , to be their Father and Potter .
Their loyalty to God calls to mind Isaiah’s words concerning repentant Israelites : “ O Jehovah , you are our Father . We are the clay , and you are our Potter ; we are all the work of your hand . ” ​ — Isa .
64 : 8 .
Today , all who worship Jehovah in spirit and truth endeavor to reflect the same humble , submissive attitude .
They consider it an honor to address Jehovah as Father and to submit to him as their Potter .
Do you see yourself as soft clay in God’s hands , willing to be molded into a vessel that is desirable in his eyes ?
Do you similarly see each of your spiritual brothers and sisters as a work in progress , being molded by God ?
To help us in that regard , let us consider three aspects of Jehovah’s work as our Potter : How he chooses those whom he molds , why he molds them , and how he does so .
How does Jehovah choose those whom he draws to himself ?
Give examples .
When Jehovah observes humans , he does not pay attention to outward appearances .
Rather , he examines the heart , the inner person .
( Read 1 Samuel 16 : 7b . )
This fact was amply demonstrated when God formed the Christian congregation .
He drew to himself and his Son many individuals who from a human standpoint might have seemed to be undesirable .
One such person was a Pharisee named Saul ​ — “ a blasphemer and a persecutor and an insolent man . ”
“ The examiner of hearts , ” however , did not see Saul as useless clay .
Instead , God saw that he could be molded into a desirable vessel ​ — in fact , “ a chosen vessel ” to bear witness “ to the nations as well as to kings and the sons of Israel . ”
Others whom God saw as potential vessels “ for an honorable use ” included former drunkards , immoral people , and thieves .
As they gained accurate knowledge of God’s Word and expressed faith , they allowed Jehovah to mold them .
5 , 6 .
How should our trust in Jehovah as our Potter affect our attitude toward ( a ) the people in our territory ?
( b ) our brothers and sisters ?
How can the foregoing help us ?
Our faith in Jehovah’s ability to read hearts and to draw to himself those whom he chooses should prevent us from judging others , both in our territory and in our congregation .
Consider the example of a man named Michael .
“ When Jehovah’s Witnesses called on me , ” he recalls , “ I would just turn away and ignore them as if they did not exist .
I was really rude !
Later , in a different setting , I met a family whom I admired because of their good conduct .
Then one day I received a shock ​ — they were Jehovah’s Witnesses !
Their behavior moved me to examine the basis for my prejudice .
I soon came to the realization that my attitude was based on ignorance and hearsay , not on facts . ”
To get the facts , Michael accepted a Bible study .
Later , he came into the truth and entered the full - time service .
Our accepting Jehovah as our Potter can affect our attitude toward fellow believers too .
Do you see your brothers and sisters as God does ​ — not as a finished product , but as a work in progress ?
He can see the inner person as well as the kind of person one can become in his capable hands .
Hence , Jehovah takes a positive view of people and does not focus on temporary imperfections .
We can imitate him by seeing his servants in a positive light .
In fact , we can work along with our Potter by supporting our brothers and sisters as they strive to make spiritual advancement .
As “ gifts in men , ” the elders ought to take the lead in this regard . ​ — Eph .
4 : 8 , 11 - 13 .
Why do you appreciate Jehovah’s discipline ?
You may have heard someone say something like this : ‘ I never fully appreciated the discipline that I received from my parents until I had children of my own . ’
When we gain more experience in life , we may see discipline in a new light and start to view it as Jehovah does , as a manifestation of love .
( Read Hebrews 12 : 5 , 6 , 11 . )
Yes , out of love for his children , Jehovah patiently molds us .
He wants us to be wise and happy and to love him in return .
He takes no pleasure in our suffering ; nor does he want us to die as “ children of wrath , ” which is the prospect inherited from Adam . ​ — Eph .
2 : 2 , 3 .
8 , 9 .
How is Jehovah teaching us today , and how will this education continue in the future ?
As “ children of wrath , ” we once displayed many qualities that displease God , perhaps even some beastlike traits !
Yet , thanks to Jehovah’s molding , we changed ; we became more like lambs .
Therefore , the environment in which Jehovah is now molding us is viewed as a spiritual paradise that is presently taking shape .
We feel safe and secure despite the wicked world around us .
Moreover , in this setting , those of us who grew up in loveless , dysfunctional families finally experience real love . And we have learned to show love to others .
Above all , we have come to know Jehovah and now experience his fatherly love . ​ — Jas .
4 : 8 .
In the new world , we will experience to the full the blessings of the spiritual paradise .
Then , our spiritual paradise will have its perfect counterpart ​ — a literal paradise under the rulership of God’s Kingdom .
During that time of global restoration , Jehovah will continue to mold earth’s inhabitants , educating them to a degree that we might now find hard to imagine .
Furthermore , God will make our minds and bodies perfect , so that we will be able to absorb his teaching and do his will flawlessly .
So let us be determined to continue submitting to Jehovah , showing him that we view his molding as an expression of his love for us . ​ — Prov .
3 : 11 , 12 .
How did Jesus reflect the Great Potter’s patience and skill ?
Like a highly skilled potter , Jehovah knows the type and quality of “ the clay ” that is before him , and he molds it accordingly .
( Read Psalm 103 : 10 - 14 . )
Indeed , he deals with us as individuals , taking into account our particular weaknesses , limitations , and level of spiritual growth .
His attitude toward imperfect servants was demonstrated by his Son .
Consider how Jesus dealt with his apostles ’ shortcomings , especially their inclination to argue among themselves over position .
If you had witnessed the apostles ’ heated disputes , would you have viewed these men as meek and malleable ?
Yet , Jesus did not adopt a negative view .
He knew that his faithful apostles could be molded by kind , patient counsel and by their observing his example of humility .
After Jesus was resurrected and the holy spirit was poured out , the apostles focused , not on position or prominence , but on the work he had given them to do . ​ — Acts 5 : 42 .
In what ways did David prove to be like soft clay , and how can we imitate him ?
Jehovah molds his servants today primarily by means of his Word , his holy spirit , and the Christian congregation .
God’s Word can mold us as we read it purposefully , meditate on it , and ask Jehovah to help us apply it .
“ I remember you while upon my bed , ” wrote David . “ I meditate on you during the watches of the night . ”
He also wrote : “ I will praise Jehovah , who has given me advice . Even during the night , my innermost thoughts correct me . ”
Yes , David allowed divine counsel to settle into the deepest parts of his being , to mold his innermost thoughts and feelings , even when the counsel was strong .
What a fine example of humility and submissiveness David set for us !
Do you too meditate on God’s Word , allowing it to settle into your innermost parts ?
Should you do so even more ? ​ — Ps . 1 : 2 , 3 .
12 , 13 .
How does Jehovah mold us by means of holy spirit and the Christian congregation ?
Holy spirit is able to mold us in a number of ways .
For instance , it can help us to develop a Christlike personality , which is characterized by the fruitage of God’s spirit .
An aspect of that fruitage is love .
We love God and want to obey him and be molded by him , recognizing that his commandments are not burdensome .
Holy spirit can also give us the strength to resist the molding influence of the world and its bad spirit .
The apostle Paul , who as a young man was deeply influenced by the proud spirit of Jewish religious leaders , could later write : “ For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power . ”
So let us , like Paul , keep on asking for holy spirit .
Jehovah will not ignore the sincere petitions of the meek . ​ — Ps .
10 : 17 .
Jehovah uses Christian elders to mold us , but we must do our part ( See paragraphs 12 , 13 )
Jehovah uses the Christian congregation and its overseers to mold us on a personal level .
For example , if the elders discern that we are having spiritual problems , they try to help us ​ — but not on the basis of human wisdom .
Rather , they humbly look to God , asking for insight and wisdom .
With our situation in mind , they act on their prayers by doing research in God’s Word and in our Christian publications .
This can equip them to render help tailored to our needs .
If they come to you to offer kind , loving help , such as about your style of dress , will you accept their counsel as an expression of God’s love for you ?
In doing so , you prove to be like soft clay in Jehovah’s hands , ready to be molded to your benefit .
Though having authority over the clay , how does Jehovah show respect for our free will ?
Understanding how God may be molding us can help us in our relationships with fellow believers and in our attitude toward people in our territory , including our Bible students .
In Bible times , a potter did not dig up some clay and immediately begin to shape it .
He first prepared the clay , in part by removing stones and other undesirable matter .
In a spiritual sense , God helps to prepare willing individuals so that he can mold them .
He does not force them to make changes , but he reveals his righteous standards so that they can clean up their lives or make adjustments voluntarily .
15 , 16 .
How do Bible students show that they want Jehovah to mold them ?
Illustrate .
Consider the example of Tessie , a sister in Australia .
“ Tessie took in knowledge of Bible truth with relative ease , ” said the sister who studied with her .
“ However , she made no significant spiritual progress ​ — not even attending Christian meetings !
So after giving the matter much prayerful thought , I decided to stop the study .
Then an amazing thing happened .
At what I thought would be our last Bible study , Tessie opened her heart to me .
She said that she felt like a hypocrite because she enjoyed gambling .
But now she had decided to give up this habit . ”
Shortly thereafter , Tessie started attending Christian meetings and displaying a Christian personality ​ — even in the face of ridicule from her associates .
The sister added : “ In time , Tessie was baptized and later served as a regular pioneer , even while she still had young children . ”
Yes , when Bible students begin to clean up their lives to please God , he will draw close to them and mold them into truly desirable vessels .
( a ) What appeals to you about having Jehovah as your Potter ?
( b ) What aspects of molding will we next consider ?
To this day , some pottery is still made by hand , the potter working very closely with his material .
Likewise , our Potter works closely and patiently with us , molding us with his advice and observing our response .
( Read Psalm 32 : 8 . )
Do you sense Jehovah’s personal interest in you ?
Do you see yourself being molded in his caring hands ?
If so , what additional qualities will help you to remain like soft and malleable clay before Jehovah ?
What traits should you avoid so that you are not hard or inflexible ?
And how can parents cooperate with Jehovah in molding their children ?
The following article will address these matters .
“ Look !
As the clay in the hand of the potter , so are you in my hand . ” ​ — JER .
18 : 6 .
SONGS : 60 , 22
What traits could harden us against Jehovah’s counsel ?
What qualities can help us to remain moldable in God’s hands ?
How can Christian parents show that Jehovah is their Potter ?
1 , 2 .
Why did God consider Daniel to be a “ very precious man , ” and how can we be obedient like Daniel ?
WHEN the Jewish exiles entered ancient Babylon , they saw a city filled with idols and found a people enslaved to wicked spirits .
Nevertheless , faithful Jews , such as Daniel and his three companions , refused to be molded by the world of Babylon .
Daniel and his companions were determined to give exclusive devotion to Jehovah as their Potter .
And they succeeded !
Daniel lived in Babylon nearly all his life ; yet , God’s angel said that he was a “ very precious man . ” ​ — Dan .
10 : 11 , 19 .
In Bible times , a potter might press the clay into a mold so that it would take on the shape he desired .
True worshippers today recognize Jehovah as the Universal Sovereign , the one having authority to mold peoples and nations .
( Read Jeremiah 18 : 6 . )
God also has the authority to mold us personally .
However , he recognizes our free will and wants us to submit to him voluntarily .
Let us focus on how we can remain like soft clay in God’s hands , considering three areas : ( 1 ) How can we avoid traits that might harden us against God’s counsel ?
( 2 ) How can we cultivate qualities that help us to remain soft and submissive ?
( 3 ) How can Christian parents submit to God when molding their children ?
What traits could harden our heart ?
Illustrate .
“ Above all the things that you guard , safeguard your heart , for out of it are the sources of life , ” says Proverbs 4 : 23 .
Against what hardening traits must we be on guard ?
They include inordinate pride , the practice of sin , and a lack of faith .
These could foster a disobedient , rebellious spirit .
King Uzziah of Judah certainly displayed pride .
( Read 2 Chronicles 26 : 3 - 5 , 16 - 21 . )
At first , Uzziah did “ what was right in Jehovah’s eyes , ” and “ he kept searching for God . ”
But “ as soon as he was strong , his heart became haughty , ” even though his strength was from God !
He even attempted to burn incense at the temple ​ — a privilege reserved for the Aaronic priests .
Then , when the priests confronted him , proud Uzziah became enraged !
The result ?
He had a humiliating “ crash ” at God’s hands and died a leper . ​ — Prov . 16 : 18 .
4 , 5 .
What could happen if we failed to guard against pride ?
Give an example .
If we failed to guard against pride , we too could begin “ to think more of [ ourselves ] than it is necessary to think , ” perhaps even to the point of resisting Scriptural counsel .
Consider the experience of a Christian elder named Jim who disagreed with his fellow elders about a congregation matter .
Jim relates : “ I told the brothers that they were not loving , and I left the meeting . ”
About six months later , he moved to a nearby congregation but was not appointed an elder there .
He admits : “ I was crushed .
My self - righteousness got the better of me , so I quit the truth . ”
Jim remained spiritually inactive for ten years .
He acknowledges : “ My pride was hurt , and I began to blame Jehovah for what was happening .
Over the years , brothers visited me and tried to reason with me , but I refused their help . ”
Jim’s experience shows how pride can cause us to justify our actions , making us quite the opposite of malleable .
“ I just could not stop focusing on how the others seemed to be wrong , ” explains Jim .
Have you ever been hurt by a fellow Christian or by the loss of certain privileges ?
If so , how did you respond ?
Did pride come into play ?
Or was your main concern that of making peace with your brother and remaining loyal to Jehovah ? ​ — Read Psalm 119 : 165 ; Colossians 3 : 13 .
What can happen if we practice sin ?
Making a practice of sin , perhaps even committing secret sins , can also make one unresponsive to divine counsel .
Sinning can then become easier .
One brother said that in time his improper conduct did not bother him much at all .
Another brother , who got into the habit of viewing pornography , later admitted : “ I found myself developing a critical attitude toward the elders . ”
His habit was hurting him spiritually .
Eventually , his conduct came to light , and he received much - needed help .
Of course , we are all imperfect .
If , however , we begin to develop a critical attitude or to excuse a wrong course rather than seek God’s forgiveness and help , our heart may already be hardening .
7 , 8 . ( a ) How did the ancient Israelites demonstrate the hardening effect of a lack of faith ?
( b ) What is the lesson for us ?
We find an example of how lack of faith can harden hearts in the case of the Israelites whom Jehovah delivered from Egypt .
The nation saw God perform many miracles in their behalf , some truly awe - inspiring !
Yet , when the people neared the Promised Land , they showed a lack of faith .
Instead of trusting in Jehovah , they became fearful and murmured against Moses .
They even wanted to return to Egypt , where they had been slaves !
Jehovah was deeply hurt .
“ How much longer will this people treat me without respect ? ”
he said . Because of their hard - heartedness and lack of faith , that generation perished in the wilderness .
Today , as we approach the new world , our faith is being tested .
We would do well to assess the quality of our faith .
For example , we might examine our view of Jesus ’ words recorded at Matthew 6 : 33 .
Ask yourself : ‘ Do my priorities and decisions reflect that I truly believe Jesus ’ words ?
Would I decide to miss meetings or field service so as to increase my income ?
What will I do if secular pressures continue to mount ?
Will I allow the world to squeeze me into its mold ​ — and perhaps right out of the truth ? ’
Why should we “ keep testing ” whether we are in the faith , and how can we do so ?
As another example , think about a servant of Jehovah who is somewhat reluctant to follow Bible standards , perhaps regarding associations , disfellowshipping , or entertainment .
Ask yourself , ‘ Might it be that this is true in my case ? ’
If we detect such a hardening attitude developing within us , we urgently need to examine our faith !
“ Keep testing whether you are in the faith ; keep proving what you yourselves are , ” the Bible counsels us .
Honest self - appraisal in the light of God’s Word should be a regular part of our thinking .
What can help us to be like soft clay in Jehovah’s hands ?
God’s provisions to help us remain like soft clay include his Word , the Christian congregation , and the field ministry .
As water softens clay , daily Bible reading and meditation can help us be malleable in Jehovah’s hands .
Jehovah required that the kings of Israel write for themselves a copy of God’s Law and read it daily .
The apostles realized that reading the Scriptures and meditating on them was essential for their ministry .
They quoted from and referred to the Hebrew Scriptures hundreds of times in their writings and encouraged the people to whom they preached to do the same .
Today , we too see the importance of reading God’s Word daily and prayerfully meditating on it .
Doing so helps us to remain humble before Jehovah and be malleable in his hands .
Use Godʼs provisions to help you remain malleable ( See paragraphs 10 - 13 )
11 , 12 .
How can Jehovah use the Christian congregation to mold us according to our individual needs ?
Illustrate .
By means of the Christian congregation , Jehovah is able to mold us according to our individual needs .
Jim , mentioned earlier , began to soften his attitude when an elder took a personal interest in him .
“ Not once did he blame me for my situation or criticize me , ” comments Jim .
“ Instead , he remained positive and expressed a sincere desire to help . ”
After about three months , the elder invited Jim to a Christian meeting .
“ The congregation warmly welcomed me , ” reports Jim , “ and their love was a turning point for me .
I began to see that my feelings are not the main thing .
With the support of the brothers and my dear wife ​ — who never wavered spiritually — ​ I gradually regained my spiritual strength .
I also received much encouragement from the articles ‘ Jehovah Is Not to Blame ’ and ‘ Serve Jehovah Loyally , ’ found in The Watchtower of November 15 , 1992 . ”
In time , Jim was reappointed an elder .
Since then , he has helped other brothers to overcome similar trials and to recover spiritually .
He concludes : “ I thought I had a solid relationship with Jehovah when in reality I did not !
I regret that I allowed pride to blind me to the more important things and cause me to obsess over other people’s faults . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 12 .
The field ministry can help us to cultivate what qualities , and with what benefits ?
How can the field ministry mold us for our good ?
Sharing the good news with others can help us to cultivate humility and various aspects of the fruitage of God’s spirit .
Think of good qualities that you have cultivated in the ministry .
What is more , as we display the Christlike personality , we adorn our message , which may affect the attitude of some householders .
For example , two Witnesses in Australia listened respectfully to a householder who spoke very unkindly to them .
Later , however , she regretted her manner and wrote to the branch office .
In part , she said : “ To those two very patient and humble individuals , I would like to convey my apology for my most self - righteous and condescending behaviour .
I am a fool to stand before two people spreading God’s Word and attempt to steer them away like that . ”
Would the householder have written that if the publishers had shown even a hint of anger ?
Probably not .
Yes , how beneficial our ministry is ​ — both for ourselves and for our neighbors !
What must parents do if they want to be truly effective in molding their children ?
Most young children are eager to learn , and they tend to be humble .
Accordingly , wise parents can strive to inculcate knowledge of the truth and love for it in the minds and hearts of their little ones .
Of course , to succeed , the parents must first impress the truth on their own hearts , making the truth their way of life .
When parents do this , their children not only hear the truth but also experience it .
Moreover , they learn to view parental discipline as an expression of love that reflects Jehovah’s love .
15 , 16 .
How should parents demonstrate their trust in God if their child is disfellowshipped ?
Despite a Christian upbringing , however , some children later leave the truth or are disfellowshipped , causing the family heartache .
“ When my brother was disfellowshipped , ” said a Christian sister in South Africa , “ it was as if he had died .
It was heartbreaking ! ”
How did she and her parents respond ?
They followed the direction found in God’s Word .
( Read 1 Corinthians 5 : 11 , 13 . )
“ We resolved to apply the Bible , ” said the parents , “ recognizing that doing things God’s way would result in the best outcome .
We viewed disfellowshipping as divine discipline and were convinced that Jehovah disciplines out of love and to the proper degree .
So we kept our contact with our son to absolutely necessary family business . ”
How did the son feel ?
“ I knew that my family did not hate me , ” he later said , “ but they were obeying Jehovah and his organization . ”
He also stated : “ When you are forced to beg Jehovah for help and forgiveness , you realize how much you need him . ”
Imagine the family’s joy when this young man was reinstated !
Yes , when we give attention to God in all our ways , we can have the best outcome . ​ — Prov . 3 : 5 , 6 ; 28 : 26 .
Why should we make submission to Jehovah our way of life , and how will this course benefit us ?
The prophet Isaiah pointed to the time at the end of the Jewish exile when repentant ones would realize : “ O Jehovah , you are our Father . We are the clay , and you are our Potter ; we are all the work of your hand . ”
Then they would plead : “ Do not remember our error forever .
Look at us , please , for we are all your people . ”
When we likewise humbly submit to Jehovah and make such submission our way of life , he will view us as very precious , just as he did the prophet Daniel .
What is more , Jehovah will continue to mold us by means of his Word , spirit , and organization so that one day we will be able to stand before him as perfect “ children of God . ” ​ — Rom . 8 : 21 .
In the modern - day fulfillment , the man with the secretary’s inkhorn represents Jesus Christ , the one behind the scenes who marks those who will survive
They picture heavenly forces that were involved in the destruction of Jerusalem and that will also be involved in the destruction of Satan’s wicked system at Armageddon .
Why is this adjusted understanding reasonable ?
After Ezekiel saw the wicked things being done in apostate Jerusalem prior to its destruction in 607 B.C.E . , he was given a vision of the events leading up to that destruction .
He saw six men with smashing weapons .
He also saw a man among them who was “ clothed in linen ” and had “ a secretary’s inkhorn . ”
This man was told : “ Go through the city , . . . and put a mark on the foreheads of the men who are sighing and groaning over all the detestable things that are being done in the city . ”
Then , the men with the smashing weapons were told to kill all those in the city who did not have the mark .
What does this vision teach us , and who is the man with the secretary’s inkhorn ?
This prophecy was given in 612 B.C.E . , and its initial fulfillment refers to the destruction of Jerusalem by the Babylonian army ​ — something that was to occur just five years later .
Although the pagan Babylonians were allowed to bring about that destruction , they were serving as Jehovah’s executioners .
This was because Jehovah used them to punish his apostate people .
However , the destruction was not to be indiscriminate .
The righteous would not be destroyed along with the wicked .
Jehovah lovingly made provision to save those Jews who did not agree with the detestable things happening in the city .
Ezekiel was not involved in either the marking work or the destruction itself .
Instead , the execution of judgment would be directed by the angels .
So by means of this prophecy , we are allowed to see behind the scenes , as it were , into the heavenly realm itself .
Jehovah had commissioned his angels not only to organize the destruction of the wicked but also to separate the righteous for survival .
*
In the past , we have explained that in the modern - day fulfillment of this vision , the man with the secretary’s inkhorn represented the anointed remnant .
It was thought that those who respond favorably to the message being preached are now marked for survival .
In recent years , however , it has become clear that an adjustment needs to be made to this explanation .
According to what is stated at Matthew 25 : 31 - 33 , Jesus is the one who judges people .
He makes his final judgment during the time of the great tribulation , separating the sheeplike ones , who will survive , from the goatlike ones , who will be destroyed .
So in light of this adjusted understanding , what lessons do we learn from Ezekiel’s vision ?
There are at least five : During the time leading up to the destruction of Jerusalem , Ezekiel served as a watchman along with Jeremiah , just as Isaiah had previously done .
Today , Jehovah is using a small group of his anointed servants to feed his people and warn others before the outbreak of the great tribulation .
In turn , all of Christ’s domestics have a share in sounding the warning . ​ — Matt .
24 : 45 - 47 .
Ezekiel was not involved with the actual marking of people for survival ; neither are God’s servants today .
They simply convey Jehovah’s message , which is a part of their preaching work , done under angelic direction . ​ — Rev .
14 : 6 .
In Ezekiel’s day , no one received a literal mark on his forehead .
The same is true today .
What do people need to do to be symbolically marked for survival ?
They need to react favorably to the preaching work that is taking place , put on the Christian personality , dedicate themselves to Jehovah , and loyally support Christ’s brothers .
Those who do these things will receive the mark of survival during the coming great tribulation .
In the modern - day fulfillment , the man with the secretary’s inkhorn represents Jesus Christ , the one behind the scenes who marks those who will survive .
The great crowd will receive their mark when they are judged as sheep during the great tribulation .
This will put them in line to receive everlasting life here on earth . ​ — Matt .
25 : 34 , 46 .
*
In the modern - day fulfillment , the six men with smashing weapons represent Jesus ’ heavenly armies with Jesus himself at the head .
They will soon destroy the nations and all wickedness . ​ — Ezek .
9 : 2 , 6 , 7 ; Rev .
19 : 11 - 21 .
Understanding these valuable lessons strengthens our confidence that Jehovah does not destroy the righteous along with the wicked .
We are also reminded of the importance of the preaching work in our day .
Everyone needs to hear the warning before the end comes ! ​ — Matt .
24 : 14 .
Although not receiving a visible mark on their foreheads , people such as Baruch ( Jeremiah’s secretary ) , Ebed - melech the Ethiopian , and the Rechabites were saved .
They received a symbolic mark for survival .
Faithful anointed ones do not need to receive this mark for survival .
Instead , they will receive their final sealing either before they die or before the outbreak of the great tribulation . ​ — Rev .
7 : 1 , 3 .
“ Listen , O Israel : Jehovah our God is one Jehovah . ” ​ — DEUT .
6 : 4 .
SONGS : 138 , 112
In what sense is Jehovah our God “ one Jehovah ” ?
How can we show that we worship Jehovah as “ one Jehovah ” ?
What can we do to maintain our peace and unity ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why are the words of Deuteronomy 6 : 4 well - known ?
( b ) Why did Moses speak those words ?
FOR centuries , the six words of the Hebrew text of Deuteronomy 6 : 4 have been used by people of the Jewish faith as part of a devotional prayer .
They say it daily , morning and evening .
This prayer is called the Shema , which is the first word of the verse .
With this prayer , devout Jews declare their exclusive devotion to God .
Those words are part of Moses ’ parting speech to the nation of Israel gathered on the plains of Moab in the year 1473 B.C.E .
The nation was about to cross the river Jordan to take possession of the Promised Land .
Moses , their leader for the past 40 years , wanted the people to be courageous when facing the challenges ahead .
They needed to trust in Jehovah and be faithful to him as their God .
Moses ’ final words would understandably have a profound effect on the people .
After mentioning the Ten Commandments and other regulations that Jehovah had given the nation , Moses made the powerful declaration found at Deuteronomy 6 : 4 , 5 .
( Read . )
What questions will we consider in this article ?
Did the Israelites gathered there with Moses not know that Jehovah their God is “ one Jehovah ” ?
Of course , they did .
Faithful Israelites knew and worshipped only one God ​ — the God of their forefathers Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob .
That being so , why did Moses call to their attention that Jehovah their God is “ one Jehovah ” ?
Does the oneness of Jehovah relate to loving him with one’s whole heart , whole soul , and whole strength , as stated in verse 5 ?
And what meaning do the words of Deuteronomy 6 : 4 , 5 have for us today ?
4 , 5 . ( a ) What is one meaning of the phrase “ one Jehovah ” ?
( b ) How is Jehovah different from the gods of the nations ?
Unique .
The word “ one ” in Hebrew and many other languages can mean much more than a simple number .
It can imply being unique , the one and only .
It does not appear that Moses was here refuting the false religious teachings of a triune god .
Jehovah is the Maker of heaven and earth , the Sovereign of the universe .
There is no real or true God but him ; no other god is like him .
Thus , Moses was reminding the Israelites that their worship of Jehovah must be exclusive .
They were not to follow the peoples around them , who worshipped various gods and goddesses .
Some of those false gods were viewed as ruling over certain parts of nature .
Others were separate forms of a particular deity .
For example , the Egyptians worshipped the sun - god Ra , the sky - goddess Nut , the earth - god Geb , the Nile - god Hapi , and numerous sacred animals .
Many of these false gods were dealt devastating blows by Jehovah through the Ten Plagues .
The prominent Canaanite god was Baal , the god of fertility , who also appeared as the god of the sky , rain , and storm .
In many places , Baal was the local patron deity as well .
The Israelites were to remember that their God , the “ true God , ” is “ one Jehovah . ” ​ — Deut . 4 : 35 , 39 .
6 , 7 .
What is another meaning of “ one , ” and how did Jehovah prove to be “ one ” ?
Consistent and Loyal .
The word “ one ” also suggests unity and oneness of purpose and activity .
Jehovah God is not divided or unpredictable .
Rather , he is always faithful , consistent , loyal , and true .
He promised Abraham that his descendants would inherit the Promised Land , and Jehovah performed mighty deeds to fulfill that promise .
The passing of 430 years did not diminish Jehovah’s determination to do so . ​ — Gen .
12 : 1 , 2 , 7 ; Ex .
12 : 40 , 41 .
Centuries later , when identifying the Israelites as his witnesses , Jehovah told them : “ I am the same One .
Before me no God was formed , and after me there has been none . ”
Emphasizing his unchanging purpose , Jehovah added : “ I am always the same One . ”
What an extraordinary privilege for the Israelites ​ — and for us — ​ to be servants of Jehovah , the God who is consistent and loyal in all his ways ! ​ — Mal . 3 : 6 ; Jas .
1 : 17 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What does Jehovah require of his worshippers ?
( b ) How did Jesus emphasize the import of Moses ’ words ?
Yes , Moses reminded the people that Jehovah was constant and unchanging in his love and care for them .
That being so , it logically followed that they were to render him exclusive devotion , loving him unreservedly with all their heart , soul , and strength .
Young ones too were to follow this way of complete devotion because the parents were to teach the children at every opportunity . ​ — Deut . 6 : 6 - 9 .
Because Jehovah is unchanging and constant regarding his will and purpose , it is clear that his fundamental requirements for true worshippers remain the same today .
For our worship to be acceptable to him , we too must give him exclusive devotion and love him with our complete heart , mind , and strength .
In fact , that is exactly what Jesus Christ told an inquirer .
( Read Mark 12 : 28 - 31 . )
Let us , therefore , see how we can show by our actions that we truly understand that “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah . ”
10 , 11 . ( a ) In what sense is our worship of Jehovah exclusive ?
( b ) How did Hebrew youths in Babylon demonstrate their exclusive devotion to Jehovah ?
To have Jehovah as our one and only God , we should give him our exclusive devotion .
Our worship of him cannot be divided or shared with any other gods nor tinged with ideas or practices from other forms of worship .
We must bear in mind that Jehovah is not just one among many gods ; nor is he even the highest and most powerful among them .
Only Jehovah is to be worshipped . ​ — Read Revelation 4 : 11 .
In the book of Daniel , we read about the Hebrew youths Daniel , Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah .
They demonstrated their exclusive devotion to Jehovah not only by abstaining from eating foods that were unclean but also by refusing to bow down to Nebuchadnezzar’s golden image .
Their priorities were clear ; there was no room in their worship for compromise . ​ — Dan .
1 : 1 – 3 : 30 .
In giving Jehovah exclusive devotion , against what must we be on guard ?
To give Jehovah exclusive devotion , we must be careful not to allow anything to take , or even to share , the place in our life that Jehovah alone should occupy .
What might such things be ?
In the Ten Commandments , Jehovah made clear that his people must have no other gods besides him and that they must not practice any form of idolatry .
Today , idolatry can take many forms , some of which might be hard to recognize .
But Jehovah’s requirements have not changed ​ — he is still “ one Jehovah . ”
Let us see what meaning that should have for us .
What could we begin to love more than Jehovah ?
At Colossians 3 : 5 ( read ) , we find strong counsel to Christians regarding what might break their exclusive relationship with Jehovah .
Note that greediness is linked to idolatry .
That is because the object of one’s desire , such as riches or luxuries , can become so controlling in life that it takes on the role of a powerful god .
But when we look at the entire verse , it is not hard to see that all the other sinful practices mentioned are in some way connected with greediness and thus with idolatry .
The craving for such things can easily take the place of our love for God .
Can we take the risk of allowing any of these things to control us , so that Jehovah is no longer “ one Jehovah ” to us ?
No , we cannot .
What warning did the apostle John give ?
The apostle John made much the same point when he warned that if anyone loves the things in the world ​ — “ the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life ” — ​ then “ the love of the Father is not in him . ”
This means that we need to examine our heart constantly to see if it is being enticed by worldly entertainment , associations , and styles of dress and grooming .
Or the love of the world might involve efforts to attain “ great things , ” such as through the pursuit of higher education .
We stand at the threshold of the promised new world .
Thus , how important it is that we keep well in mind Moses ’ powerful words !
If we clearly understand and firmly believe that “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah , ” we will do all we can to give him exclusive devotion , serving him as he approves . ​ — Heb .
12 : 28 , 29 .
Why did Paul remind Christians that God is “ one Jehovah ” ?
The oneness of Jehovah also implies unity and oneness of purpose , characteristics that we as his worshippers must have as we serve him .
The first - century Christian congregation was made up of Jews , Greeks , Romans , and people of other nationalities .
They had different religious backgrounds , customs , and sensibilities .
Because of that , some had difficulty accepting the new way of worship or fully relinquishing their former ways .
The apostle Paul found it fitting to remind them that Christians have one God , Jehovah . ​ — Read 1 Corinthians 8 : 5 , 6 .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What prophecy is being fulfilled in our day , and with what result ?
( b ) What could undermine our unity ?
What about the situation in the Christian congregation today ?
The prophet Isaiah foretold that “ in the final part of the days , ” people of all nations would flock to Jehovah’s elevated place of true worship .
They would say : “ [ Jehovah ] will instruct us about his ways , and we will walk in his paths . ”
How happy we are to see this prophecy undergoing fulfillment before our eyes !
The result is that many congregations have become multiracial , multicultural , and multilingual , giving praise to Jehovah .
This diversity , however , can present issues that merit our serious consideration .
Are you contributing to the oneness of the Christian congregation ?
( See paragraphs 16 - 19 )
For example , how do you feel about fellow Christians who are from cultures very different from your own ?
Their first language , style of clothing , manners , and food may not be what you are accustomed to .
Do you tend to shy away from them and associate mainly with those who have a background similar to yours ?
Or what if those appointed as overseers in your congregation ​ — or in your circuit or branch — ​ are younger or are culturally or racially different from you ?
Do you allow such matters to undermine the unity and oneness of purpose that should exist among Jehovah’s people ?
18 , 19 . ( a ) What counsel is mentioned at Ephesians 4 : 1 - 3 ?
( b ) What can we do to help the congregation stay united ?
What can help us to avoid such pitfalls ?
To the Christians in Ephesus , a prosperous and diversified city , Paul offered some practical counsel .
( Read Ephesians 4 : 1 - 3 . )
Note that Paul first mentioned such qualities as humility , mildness , patience , and love .
These might be likened to the pillars of a house that keep it standing .
But besides having strong pillars , a house needs maintenance , which must be done regularly ; otherwise , deterioration could set in .
Paul appealed to the Ephesian Christians that they earnestly endeavor to “ maintain the oneness of the spirit . ”
Each of us should accept it as his or her personal responsibility to contribute to maintaining the oneness in the congregation .
What can we do ?
First , cultivate and display the qualities that Paul mentioned ​ — humility , mildness , patience , and love .
Then , put forth earnest effort to promote “ the uniting bond of peace . ”
We should work to repair , as it were , any fissurelike weaknesses that may appear .
Doing so , we contribute to the maintenance of our precious peace and unity .
How can we demonstrate that we understand that “ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah ” ?
“ Jehovah our God is one Jehovah . ”
What a powerful statement !
That reminder fortified the Israelites to confront the challenges facing them as they entered and took possession of the Promised Land .
Our taking those words to heart will empower us to face the great tribulation just ahead and contribute to the Paradise to follow .
Let us go on rendering exclusive devotion to Jehovah by loving and serving him whole - souled and putting forth earnest effort to maintain oneness in the Christian brotherhood .
If we continue to do so , we can look forward with confidence to seeing fulfilled what Jesus said about those whom he will judge as sheep : “ Come , you who have been blessed by my Father , inherit the Kingdom prepared for you from the founding of the world . ” ​ — Matt .
25 : 34 .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
There are many fishing villages along the coasts of Trinidad and Tobago .
Jehovah’s Witnesses often take the opportunity to speak with fishermen they meet
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ Continue . . . forgiving one another freely . ” ​ — COL .
3 : 13 .
SONGS : 121 , 75
Why is God’s organization special ?
How does the Bible show that we are all imperfect ?
What can we do about our own faults and those of others ?
1 , 2 .
How did the Bible foretell the increase of Jehovah’s people ?
JEHOVAH’S faithful servants on earth , his Witnesses , make up an organization that is indeed exceptional .
True , it is composed of humans who are imperfect and who have their faults .
Still , God’s holy spirit has been moving his global congregation to grow and prosper .
Consider a few of the wonderful things that Jehovah has been doing with his willing , although imperfect , people .
When the last days of the present system began back in 1914 , God’s servants on earth were relatively few in number .
But Jehovah blessed their preaching work .
During the following decades , millions of new ones learned Bible truths and became Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Jehovah actually pointed forward to this outstanding growth , saying : “ The little one will become a thousand and the small one a mighty nation .
I myself , Jehovah , will speed it up in its own time . ”
That prophetic statement has certainly come true in these last days . Thus , the number of God’s people on earth is now greater than the entire population of many nations .
How have God’s servants shown love ?
During this time , Jehovah has also helped his people to cultivate to a greater degree his dominant quality ​ — love .
Jesus , who imitated God’s love , said to his followers : “ I am giving you a new commandment , that you love one another . . .
By this all will know that you are my disciples ​ — if you have love among yourselves . ”
This proved especially important in recent history when the nations engaged in deadly wars on a shocking scale .
For instance , some 55 million people were killed in World War II alone .
However , Jehovah’s Witnesses did not participate in that global slaughter .
( Read Micah 4 : 1 , 3 . )
This has helped them to remain “ clean from the blood of all men . ” ​ — Acts 20 : 26 .
Why is the increase of Jehovah’s people noteworthy ?
The progress of God’s people is taking place in a very hostile world , which the Bible says is controlled by Satan , “ the god of this system of things . ”
He manipulates the political elements of this world , as he does the world’s mass media .
But he cannot stop the preaching of the good news .
However , knowing that he has only a short time left , Satan tries to turn people away from true worship , and he uses various means to do so . ​ — Rev .
12 : 12 .
Why may others at times hurt our feelings ?
( See opening picture . )
The Christian congregation emphasizes the importance of having love for God and for fellow humans .
Jesus indicated that this would be the case .
Responding to a question about the greatest commandment , he said : “ ‘ You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind . ’
This is the greatest and first commandment .
The second , like it , is this : ‘ You must love your neighbor as yourself . ’ ”
Nevertheless , the Bible makes clear that as a result of Adam’s sin , we are all born imperfect .
( Read Romans 5 : 12 , 19 . )
So at times some in the congregation may hurt us by what they say or do .
This can test our love for Jehovah and for his people .
What will we do on such occasions ?
Even faithful servants of God in the past said or did things that hurt others , and we can learn from what the Bible reveals about this .
If you had lived in Israel at the time of Eli and his sons , how would you have reacted ?
( See paragraph 6 )
In what sense did Eli fail to discipline his sons ?
For example , High Priest Eli had two sons who did not uphold Jehovah’s laws .
We read : “ The sons of Eli were wicked men ; they had no regard for Jehovah . ”
Though their father played a key role in promoting true worship , his two sons committed very serious sins .
Eli knew about this and should have disciplined them , but he was lax in that regard .
As a result , God adversely judged the household of Eli .
In time , his descendants would not be allowed to serve as high priests .
Had you lived in Eli’s day , how would you have reacted to Eli’s toleration of the sins committed by his sons ?
Would you have let it stumble you to the point that you would no longer serve God ?
How did David sin seriously , and what did God do about it ?
David was loved by Jehovah , who found him to be a man “ agreeable to his heart . ”
But David later committed adultery with Bath - sheba , and she became pregnant .
That occurred while her husband , Uriah , was away serving in the army .
When he came home temporarily , David tried to get him to have sexual relations with Bath - sheba so that it might appear that Uriah was the child’s father .
Uriah would not do what the king suggested , so David arranged to have him killed in battle .
David paid dearly for his crime ​ — calamities came upon him and his household .
Yet , God showed mercy to this man who overall walked before Jehovah “ with integrity of heart . ”
If you had lived among God’s people back then , how would you have reacted ?
Would David’s wrong conduct have stumbled you ?
( a ) How did the apostle Peter fail to keep his word ?
( b ) After Peter’s mistake , why did Jehovah continue to use Peter ?
Another Bible example is that of the apostle Peter .
Jesus had selected him as one of the apostles ; still , Peter at times said or did things that he later regretted .
For example , at a critical moment , the apostles abandoned Jesus .
Peter had earlier stated that even if the others did that , he would not .
Nevertheless , when Jesus was being taken into custody , all the apostles ​ — including Peter — ​ abandoned him .
Peter repeatedly denied even knowing Jesus .
However , Peter showed remorse , and Jehovah continued to use him .
Had you been a disciple then , would Peter’s actions have affected your loyalty to Jehovah ?
Why do you trust that God is always just ?
The above are but a few examples of individuals who did things that hurt others .
Many other cases in past centuries and in recent times could be cited in which some who served Jehovah committed bad acts and hurt others .
The point is , how will you respond ?
Will you let their mistakes stumble you , so that you abandon Jehovah and his people , including those in the local congregation ?
Or will you recognize that Jehovah may allow time for repentance on the part of wrongdoers and that he will ultimately correct the wrongs and act in a just way ?
On the other hand , sometimes those who have been guilty of serious sins reject Jehovah’s mercy and are unrepentant .
In such situations , will you have confidence that Jehovah will in time judge such wrongdoers , perhaps removing them from the congregation ?
What did Jesus understand about the faults of Judas Iscariot and Peter ?
The Bible provides us with accounts of servants of God who remained loyal to Jehovah and his people despite the serious faults of others around them .
For example , after spending a night in prayer to his Father , Jesus selected the 12 apostles .
Judas Iscariot was one of those .
When Judas later betrayed him , Christ did not let that defection mar his own relationship with his Father , Jehovah ; nor did Jesus allow Peter’s denial to do that .
Jesus knew that those actions were not the fault of Jehovah or his people in general .
Jesus continued his wonderful work despite the disappointment that some of his followers caused him .
Jehovah rewarded him by resurrecting him from the dead , thus opening the way for Jesus to become King of the heavenly Kingdom . ​ — Matt .
28 : 7 , 18 - 20 .
The Bible foretold what about Jehovah’s servants in this time ?
Jesus ’ confidence in Jehovah and his people was well - founded and still is .
Indeed , when we consider the things that Jehovah is accomplishing through his servants in these last days , it is simply amazing .
No other people are preaching the truth globally , for others do not have Jehovah guiding them as does his united congregation today .
Isaiah 65 : 14 describes the spiritual condition prevailing among God’s people : “ Look ! My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart . ”
How should we view the faults of others ?
Jehovah’s servants rejoice at the good things they can do because they are being guided by Jehovah .
In contrast , the world under Satan’s influence mourns , as it were , as conditions worsen .
It would certainly be unwise and misguided to blame Jehovah or his congregation for the faults of relatively few of God’s servants .
We need to maintain our loyalty to Jehovah and his arrangements and to learn how to view or react to the faults of others .
13 , 14 . ( a ) Why should we be patient with one another ?
( b ) What promise do we want to remember ?
How , then , can we handle occasions when one of God’s servants says or does something that hurts our feelings ?
A fine Bible principle is this : “ Do not be quick to take offense , for the taking of offense lodges in the bosom of fools . ”
We must consider that all of us are some 6,000 years removed from the human perfection that existed in Eden .
Imperfect people are prone to make mistakes .
Therefore , it would not be good to expect too much of fellow believers and to let their faults rob us of the joy that comes from being part of God’s people in these last days .
An even greater mistake would be to allow the faults of others to stumble us and cause us to leave Jehovah’s organization .
Were that to happen , we would lose not only the privilege of doing God’s will but also the hope of life in God’s new world .
To maintain our deep joy and firm hope , we want to keep clearly in mind the comforting promise of Jehovah : “ Look ! I am creating new heavens and a new earth ; and the former things will not be called to mind , nor will they come up into the heart . ”
Do not let the faults of others prevent you from obtaining such blessings .
What did Jesus say we should do when others make mistakes ?
However , since we are not yet in the new world , we should consider God’s thoughts on how to handle matters when others say or do things that hurt our feelings .
For example , one principle to remember is what Jesus said : “ If you forgive men their trespasses , your heavenly Father will also forgive you ; whereas if you do not forgive men their trespasses , neither will your Father forgive your trespasses . ”
Recall , too , that when Peter asked whether we should forgive “ up to seven times , ” Jesus replied : “ I say to you , not up to seven times , but up to 77 times . ”
Clearly , Jesus meant that we should always be willing to forgive ; this should be our first and predominant leaning . ​ — Matt .
6 : 14 , 15 ; 18 : 21 , 22 .
What good example did Joseph set ?
A good example of how to handle faults was set by Joseph , the first of Jacob’s two sons by Rachel .
Joseph’s ten half brothers were jealous of him because he was favored by their father .
Then they sold Joseph into slavery .
After many years , the good work that Joseph had done in Egypt resulted in his becoming second to the ruler of that country .
When a famine struck the region , Joseph’s brothers came to Egypt to buy food but did not recognize him .
Joseph could have used his authority to exact vengeance for the very bad way that his brothers had treated him .
Instead , he tested his brothers to find out if they had changed their disposition .
When he saw that his brothers had truly changed , Joseph identified himself to them .
He later said : “ Do not be afraid . I will keep supplying you and your little children with food . ”
The Bible account adds : “ Thus he comforted them and spoke reassuringly to them . ” ​ — Gen .
50 : 21 .
What do you want to do when others make mistakes ?
It is also wise to remember that since we all have faults , we may be offending others .
If we discern that we have done so , the Bible’s direction is to go to the one whom we have offended and try to reconcile matters .
( Read Matthew 5 : 23 , 24 . )
We appreciate it when others do not hold our faults against us , so we should act the same way toward them .
Colossians 3 : 13 urges us : “ Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another . Just as Jehovah freely forgave you , you must also do the same . ”
Christian love “ does not keep account of the injury , ” observes 1 Corinthians 13 : 5 .
If we practice forgiving others , Jehovah will forgive us .
Yes , when it comes to handling the faults of others , the Christian course is to imitate our merciful Father’s dealings with us when we make mistakes . ​ — Read Psalm 103 : 12 - 14 .
Diamonds have long been prized as precious gems .
Some are valued in the millions of dollars .
Could it be , however , that from God’s standpoint , there are things more precious than diamonds or other gemstones ?
Haykanush , an unbaptized publisher living in Armenia , found a passport near her home .
Inside the passport were some debit cards and a large sum of money .

She told her husband , who like her was an unbaptized publisher .
The couple had serious financial problems and were in debt ; yet , they decided to take the money to the address listed in the passport .
The man who had lost it was astonished ​ — as was his family .
Haykanush and her husband explained that their honesty resulted from what they were learning from the Bible .
They felt that they had to be honest , and they used this opportunity to talk about Jehovah’s Witnesses and to leave some literature with the family .
The family wanted to give Haykanush some money as a reward , which she declined .
The next day , the wife visited the couple at home and as a token of the family’s appreciation insisted that Haykanush accept a diamond ring .
Like that family , many people would be surprised by the honesty Haykanush and her husband showed .
But would Jehovah be surprised ?
How would he view their honesty ?
Was their honesty worth the effort ?
The answers to those questions are not difficult . The reason is that God’s servants believe that displaying Jehovah’s qualities is more precious in his eyes than diamonds , gold , or other material things .
Yes , Jehovah’s view of what is precious and what is not differs from that of most humans .
And as for his servants , reflecting Jehovah’s qualities in fuller measure is a priceless achievement .
We can see this from what the Bible says about discernment and wisdom .
Proverbs 3 : 13 - 15 says : “ Happy is the man who finds wisdom and the man who acquires discernment ; to gain it is better than gaining silver , and having it as profit is better than having gold .
It is more precious than corals ; nothing you desire can compare to it . ”
Clearly , there is no doubt that Jehovah values such qualities more than any material treasures .
What , then , about honesty ?
Well , Jehovah himself is honest ; he “ cannot lie . ”
And he inspired the apostle Paul to write to the Hebrew Christians in the first century : “ Keep praying for us , for we trust we have an honest conscience , as we wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things . ” ​ — Heb .
13 : 18 .
Jesus Christ set a good example of honesty .
Recall , for instance , when High Priest Caiaphas exclaimed : “ I put you under oath by the living God to tell us whether you are the Christ , the Son of God ! ”
Jesus honestly identified himself as the Messiah , even though his truthful admission could allow the Sanhedrin to claim that he was a blasphemer and could lead to his execution . ​ — Matt .
26 : 63 - 67 .
What about us ?
Will we be honest in situations where a slight omission or twist of words might bring us material gain ?
Admittedly , it is difficult to be honest in these last days when many are “ lovers of themselves , lovers of money . ”
A financial crisis or uncertainty about employment has an impact on honesty .
Many think that they are justified in stealing , cheating , or engaging in other dishonest practices .
This notion is so widespread that when material gain is involved , many think that being honest is simply out of the question .
Even some Christians have made poor decisions in this area and for ‘ dishonest material gain ’ have lost their good standing in the congregation . ​ — 1 Tim .
3 : 8 ; Titus 1 : 7 .
The vast majority of Christians , however , imitate Jesus .
They realize that godly qualities are more important than any riches or advantages .
Thus , Christian youths do not cheat to obtain good grades at school .
True , being honest may not always lead to being rewarded , as was Haykanush .
Nevertheless , being honest is right in God’s eyes , and it enables us to maintain a clean conscience , which is truly valuable .
Gagik’s example well illustrates that .
He says : “ Before becoming a Christian , I was working for a large company where the owner evaded paying taxes by reporting only a small portion of the company’s profit .
As managing director , I was expected to come to ‘ an agreement ’ with the tax agent by bribing him to overlook the company’s fraudulent practices .
As a result , I had the reputation of being dishonest .
When I learned the truth , I refused to continue doing that , even though the job paid very well .
Instead , I opened my own business .
And from day one , I legally registered my company and paid all my taxes . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
8 : 21 .
Gagik relates : “ My income dropped by about half , so it was a challenge to provide for my family .
However , I feel happier now .
I have a clean conscience before Jehovah .
I am a good example for my two sons , and I have qualified for privileges in the congregation .
Among tax auditors and others with whom I do business , I now have the reputation of being an honest man . ”
Jehovah loves those who adorn his teaching by displaying his superlative qualities , including honesty .
He inspired King David to give this assurance : “ I was once young and now I am old , but I have not seen anyone righteous abandoned , nor his children looking for bread . ” ​ — Ps . 37 : 25 .
The experience of faithful Ruth bears that out .
She stuck to her mother - in - law , Naomi , rather than leave her in her old age .
Ruth moved to Israel , where she could worship the true God .
When in Israel , Ruth proved to be honest and hardworking , diligently gleaning as arranged for in the Law .
In line with what David later experienced , Jehovah did not leave Ruth and Naomi in want .
Significantly , Jehovah did much more than just provide for Ruth materially .
He chose her to be an ancestress of King David and even of the promised Messiah ! ​ — Ruth 4 : 13 - 17 ; Matt .
1 : 5 , 16 .
Some of Jehovah’s servants may find themselves in situations where earning enough for necessities seems very difficult .
Rather than look for an easy but dishonest way out , they strive to work hard and be diligent .
They thus demonstrate that they value God’s superlative qualities , including honesty , more than anything material . ​ — Prov .
12 : 24 ; Eph .
4 : 28 .
Like Ruth of old , Christians around the globe have shown faith in Jehovah’s power to help .
They have put implicit trust in the One who had this promise recorded in his Word : “ I will never leave you , and I will never abandon you . ”
Jehovah has repeatedly shown that he can and will help disadvantaged ones who display honesty at all times .
He has stayed true to his word of promise about providing life’s necessities . ​ — Matt .
6 : 33 .
Yes , humans may prize diamonds and other objects of value .
But we can be sure that to our heavenly Father , our displaying honesty and his other qualities is certainly worth more , yes much more , than any precious gems !
Being honest allows us to maintain a clean conscience and to have freeness of speech in the ministry
Have you carefully read the recent issues of The Watchtower ?
Well , see if you can answer the following questions :
Why did Jehovah approve of the wars of ancient Israel ?
Jehovah is loving .
Yet , on occasion , he authorized warfare when wickedness and oppression threatened his people .
God alone determined who would engage in warfare and when . ​ — w15 11 / 1 , pp . 4 - 5 .
What important things can parents do to train their teenagers to serve Jehovah ?
It is vital that parents have love for their teenage children and show humility by their example .
It is also important that the parents show insight and strive to understand their teenagers . ​ — w15 11 / 15 , pp .
9 - 11 . Why should the pope not be considered Peter’s successor ?
Matthew 16 : 17 , 18 does not say that the apostle Peter would be head of the Christian congregation .
The Bible shows that rather than Peter having primacy , Jesus was to be the cornerstone of the congregation . ​ — w15 12 / 1 , pp .
12 - 14 .
We should consider what things before speaking ?
To do good with our tongue , we should keep in mind ( 1 ) when to speak , ( 2 ) what to speak , and ( 3 ) how to speak . ​ — w15 12 / 15 , pp . 19 - 22 .
What are some dishonest ways that Christians avoid ?
True Christians avoid both lying to and slandering others .
They do not make false , malicious statements that injure others , and they neither commit fraud nor steal . ​ — wp16.1 , p . 5 .
Who were the “ chief priests ” mentioned in the Bible ?
The expression “ chief priests ” evidently refers to principal members of the priesthood , including former high priests who had been deposed . ​ — wp16.1 , p . 10 .
How should we treat someone who partakes of the Memorial emblems ?
Christians do not exalt such partakers .
One who is truly anointed would not want to be exalted ; nor would he want to publicize his standing with God . ​ — w16.01 , pp .
23 - 24 .
What can we learn from how Abraham became God’s friend ?
Abraham took in knowledge about God , perhaps from Shem .
And Abraham gained experience from the way God dealt with him and his family .
We can try to do similarly . ​ — w16.02 , pp .
9 - 10 . How did Bible chapter and verse numbering come about ?
The 13th - century cleric Stephen Langton divided the Bible into chapters .
Jewish copyists first assigned verses to the Hebrew Bible , and in the 16th century , scholar Robert Estienne did likewise for the Christian Greek Scriptures . ​ — wp16.2 , pp . 14 - 15 .
Did Satan physically take Jesus to the temple to tempt him ?
We cannot say for sure .
Matthew 4 : 5 and Luke 4 : 9 could mean that Jesus was taken there in a vision or that he stood on some high place in the temple precinct . ​ — w16.03 , pp . 31 - 32 .
In what ways can our Christian ministry be like dew ?
Dew forms gradually and is refreshing and life - sustaining .
Actual dew is a blessing from God .
The combined effort of God’s people in the ministry is similar . ​ — w16.04 , p . 4 .
“ We all received . . . undeserved kindness upon undeserved kindness . ” ​ — JOHN 1 : 16 .
SONGS : 95 , 13
What is the greatest expression of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness toward mankind ?
How can we show that we are no longer ruled by sin but by undeserved kindness ?
What blessings come to us as a result of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Describe Jesus ’ illustration of the owner of the vineyard . ( b ) How does the story illustrate the qualities of generosity and undeserved kindness ?

A WINEGROWER went to the marketplace early one morning to hire men to work in his vineyard .
The men he found agreed to the wage he offered and went to work .
The owner needed more workers , however , and returned to the marketplace throughout the day to hire more and more men , offering a fair wage even to those whom he hired at the end of the afternoon .
When evening came , he gathered the workers together to give them their wages , and he gave the same amount to each of them , whether they had labored many hours or just one .
When those first hired realized this , they complained .
The winegrower replied : ‘ Did you not agree to the wage I offered ?
Do I not have the right to give all my workers whatever I want ?
Are you envious because I am generous ? ’ ​ — Matt . 20 : 1 - 15 , ftn .
Jesus ’ parable reminds us of one of Jehovah’s qualities that is often mentioned in the Bible ​ — his “ undeserved kindness . ”
( Read 2 Corinthians 6 : 1 . )
The workers who had labored only one hour did not seem to merit receiving the full wage , but the owner of the vineyard showed them extraordinary kindness .
Regarding the word for “ undeserved kindness , ” which is translated “ grace ” in many Bible versions , one scholar wrote : “ The whole basic idea of the word is that of a free and undeserved gift , of something given to a man unearned and unmerited . ”
3 , 4 .
Why and how has Jehovah shown undeserved kindness toward all mankind ?
The Scriptures speak of “ the free gift of God’s undeserved kindness . ”
Why and how does Jehovah bestow this “ free gift ” ?
If we met all of Jehovah’s requirements perfectly , his kindness toward us would be deserved .
As it is , we fail to do so .
Thus , wise King Solomon wrote : “ There is no righteous man on earth who always does good and never sins . ”
The apostle Paul likewise stated : “ All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God , ” and “ the wages sin pays is death . ”
That is what we deserve .
Jehovah , however , expressed his love toward fallen mankind in an incomparable act of undeserved kindness .
He sent his greatest gift of all , “ his only - begotten Son , ” to earth to die in our behalf .
So Paul wrote concerning Jesus that he is “ now crowned with glory and honor for having suffered death , so that by God’s undeserved kindness he might taste death for everyone . ”
Yes , “ the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord . ” ​ — Rom . 6 : 23b .
5 , 6 .
What are the results when we are ruled ( a ) by sin ?
( b ) by undeserved kindness ?
How did humans inherit the sinful , dying condition that plagues us all ?
The Bible explains : “ By the trespass of the one man [ Adam ] death ruled as king ” over Adam’s descendants .
Happily , though , we can choose no longer to be ruled , or dominated , by sin .
By exercising faith in Christ’s ransom sacrifice , we place ourselves under the rule of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness . How so ?
“ Where sin abounded , undeserved kindness abounded still more .
To what end ?
So that just as sin ruled as king with death , so also undeserved kindness might rule as king through righteousness leading to everlasting life through Jesus Christ . ” ​ — Rom . 5 : 20 , 21 .
Even though we remain sinners , we need not resign ourselves to having sin dominate our lives .
When we do give in to sin , we will ask Jehovah for his forgiveness .
Paul warned Christians : “ Sin must not be master over you , seeing that you are not under law but under undeserved kindness . ”
Therefore , we come under the rule of undeserved kindness .
With what result ?
Paul explained : “ The undeserved kindness of God . . . trains us to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things . ” ​ — Titus 2 : 11 , 12 .
7 , 8 .
What does it mean that Jehovah’s undeserved kindness is “ expressed in various ways ” ?
( See opening pictures . )
The apostle Peter wrote : “ To the extent that each one has received a gift , use it in ministering to one another as fine stewards of God’s undeserved kindness that is expressed in various ways . ”
What does that mean ?
That whatever the nature of the trials we may face in life , Jehovah can enable us to cope with them .
There will always be an expression of God’s kindness that will match each trial .
Indeed , Jehovah’s undeserved kindness is expressed in various ways .
The apostle John wrote : “ We all received from his fullness , even undeserved kindness upon undeserved kindness . ”
The various expressions of Jehovah’s kindness result in our receiving many blessings .
What are some of them ?
How do we benefit from Jehovah’s undeserved kindness , and how can we show our gratitude for it ?
Being forgiven of our sins .
Because of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness , we have our sins forgiven , provided we repent and continue to put up a hard fight against our sinful inclinations .
( Read 1 John 1 : 8 , 9 . )
God’s mercy should fill us with gratitude and move us to glorify him .
Writing to fellow anointed Christians , Paul stated : “ [ Jehovah ] rescued us from the authority of the darkness and transferred us into the kingdom of his beloved Son , by means of whom we have our release by ransom , the forgiveness of our sins . ”
Being forgiven of our sins opens the door to many other wonderful blessings .
What do we enjoy because of God’s undeserved kindness ?
Having a peaceful relationship with God .
In our sinful state , from birth we were enemies of God .
Paul acknowledged this : “ When we were enemies we became reconciled to God through the death of his Son . ”
This reconciliation enables us to be at peace with Jehovah .
Paul links this privilege to Jehovah’s undeserved kindness , stating : “ Now that we [ Christ’s anointed brothers ] have been declared righteous as a result of faith , let us enjoy peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ , through whom we also have obtained access by faith into this undeserved kindness in which we now stand . ”
What a blessing this is !
Expressions of God’s undeserved kindness : The privilege of hearing the good news ( See paragraph 11 )
How do the anointed bring the “ other sheep ” to righteousness ?
Being brought to righteousness .
All of us are unrighteous by nature .
But the prophet Daniel foretold that during the time of the end , “ those having insight , ” the anointed remnant , would be “ bringing the many to righteousness . ”
( Read Daniel 12 : 3 . )
By their preaching and teaching work , they have brought millions of “ other sheep ” into a righteous standing before Jehovah .
However , this has been possible only through Jehovah’s undeserved kindness .
Paul explained : “ It is as a free gift that they are being declared righteous by his [ God’s ] undeserved kindness through the release by the ransom paid by Christ Jesus . ” ​ — Rom . 3 : 23 , 24 .
The blessing of prayer ( See paragraph 12 )
How is prayer related to God’s undeserved kindness ?
Approaching God’s throne through prayer .
Jehovah in his undeserved kindness grants us the blessing of approaching his heavenly throne in prayer .
In fact , Paul calls Jehovah’s throne “ the throne of undeserved kindness ” and invites us to approach it “ with freeness of speech . ”
Jehovah has afforded us this privilege through his Son , “ by means of whom we have this freeness of speech and free access with confidence through our faith in him . ”
Free access to Jehovah in prayer is indeed a wonderful expression of his undeserved kindness .
Being helped at the right time ( See paragraph 13 )
How can undeserved kindness “ help us at the right time ” ?
Finding help at the right time .
Paul encouraged us to approach Jehovah freely in prayer , “ so that we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time . ”
At any time that we are plagued with trials or turmoil in our life , we can cry out to Jehovah for his merciful help .
Undeserving as we are , he answers our call , often through fellow Christians , “ so that we may be of good courage and say : ‘ Jehovah is my helper ; I will not be afraid . What can man do to me ? ’ ” ​ — Heb .
13 : 6 .
How does Jehovah’s undeserved kindness benefit our hearts ?
Receiving comfort for our hearts .
A great blessing that comes to us through Jehovah’s undeserved kindness is comfort for a distressed heart .
To Christians in Thessalonica , who were experiencing persecution , Paul wrote : “ May our Lord Jesus Christ himself and God our Father , who loved us and gave everlasting comfort and good hope by means of undeserved kindness , comfort your hearts and strengthen you . ”
How comforting it is to be aware of the loving care that we receive from Jehovah because of his generous kindness !
Thanks to God’s undeserved kindness , what hope do we have ?
Having the prospect of everlasting life .
As sinners , on our own we would have no hope .
( Read Psalm 49 : 7 , 8 . )
But Jehovah provides us with a wonderful hope .
Jesus promised his followers : “ This is the will of my Father , that everyone who recognizes the Son and exercises faith in him should have everlasting life . ”
Yes , the hope of eternal life is a gift , a wonderful expression of God’s undeserved kindness .
Paul , who certainly appreciated that fact , said : “ The undeserved kindness of God has been manifested , bringing salvation to all sorts of people . ” ​ — Titus 2 : 11 .
How did some early Christians abuse God’s undeserved kindness ?
While undeserved kindness from Jehovah provides us with many blessings , we should not presumptuously think that he condones all conduct .
Among the early Christians , there were some who attempted to “ turn the undeserved kindness of . . . God into an excuse for brazen conduct . ”
These unfaithful Christians apparently thought that they could sin and then count on Jehovah to forgive them .
Worse still , they endeavored to entice their brothers to join them in their contemptuous ways .
Even today , anyone doing that “ has outraged the spirit of undeserved kindness . ” ​ — Heb .
10 : 29 .
What strong counsel did Peter give ?
Today , Satan has misled some Christians into thinking that they can presume on God’s mercy and commit sins with impunity .
But while Jehovah is willing to forgive repentant sinners , he expects us to put up a strong fight against our sinful tendencies .
He inspired Peter to write : “ You , therefore , beloved ones , having this advance knowledge , be on your guard so that you may not be led astray with them by the error of the lawless people and fall from your own steadfastness .
No , but go on growing in the undeserved kindness and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ . ” ​ — 2 Pet . 3 : 17 , 18 .
Because of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness , what responsibilities do we have ?
As grateful recipients of Jehovah’s kindness , we owe it to him and to our neighbor to use our gifts to honor God and benefit our fellow man .
In what ways ?
Paul answers : “ Since , then , we have gifts that differ according to the undeserved kindness given to us . . . if it is a ministry , let us be at this ministry ; or the one who teaches , let him be at his teaching ; or the one who encourages , let him give encouragement ; . . . the one who shows mercy , let him do it cheerfully . ”
The undeserved kindness that Jehovah extends to us puts us under obligation to busy ourselves in the Christian ministry , to teach the Bible to others , to encourage fellow Christians , and to forgive any who may offend us .
What responsibility of ours will be examined in the next article ?
As grateful recipients of God’s generous love , we should be moved to do our utmost “ to bear thorough witness to the good news of the undeserved kindness of God . ” This responsibility will be examined in detail in the following article .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 2 ) See “ Undeserved kindness ” in the “ Glossary of Bible Terms ” in the revised New World Translation .
“ Bear thorough witness to the good news of the undeserved kindness of God . ” ​ — ACTS 20 : 24 .
SONGS : 101 , 84
What should Jehovah’s undeserved kindness motivate us to do ?
How does the “ good news of the Kingdom ” highlight God’s undeserved kindness ?
How will Jehovah show his undeserved kindness in the new world ?
1 , 2 .
How did the apostle Paul show that he was grateful for God’s undeserved kindness ?
THE apostle Paul could honestly say : “ [ God’s ] undeserved kindness to me was not in vain . ”
( Read 1 Corinthians 15 : 9 , 10 . )
Paul was very much aware that he had neither earned nor deserved God’s great mercy , having been a former persecutor of Christians .
Toward the end of his life , Paul wrote to his fellow worker Timothy : “ I am grateful to Christ Jesus our Lord , who imparted power to me , because he considered me faithful by assigning me to a ministry . ”
What was that ministry ?
Paul told the elders of the congregation in Ephesus what it included , stating : “ I do not consider my own life of any importance to me , if only I may finish my course and the ministry that I received from the Lord Jesus , to bear thorough witness to the good news of the undeserved kindness of God . ” ​ — Acts 20 : 24 .
What special ministry was Paul given ?
( See opening picture . )
What “ good news ” did Paul preach that highlighted Jehovah’s undeserved kindness ?
He told the Ephesian Christians : “ You have heard about the stewardship of God’s undeserved kindness that was given to me for your sakes . ”
Paul had been commissioned to spread the good news to non - Jews so that they too could be included among those called to be associated with Christ in the Messianic Kingdom government .
( Read Ephesians 3 : 5 - 8 . )
In his zeal to perform his ministry , Paul set an excellent example for modern - day Christians and demonstrated that God’s undeserved kindness had not been shown to him “ in vain . ”
4 , 5 .
Why can we say that the “ good news of the Kingdom ” is the same as the good news of “ the undeserved kindness of God ” ?
In this time of the end , Jehovah’s people have been commissioned to preach “ this good news of the Kingdom . . . in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations . ”
The message we spread is also “ the good news of the undeserved kindness of God ” because all the blessings we hope to receive under Kingdom rule come to us through Jehovah’s kindness expressed by means of Christ .
Do we individually imitate Paul in showing gratitude for Jehovah’s undeserved kindness by zealously sharing in the ministry ? ​ — Read Romans 1 : 14 - 16 .
In the preceding article , we learned how we as sinners are benefiting from Jehovah’s undeserved kindness in many ways .
We therefore owe it to all people to do our utmost to make known to them how Jehovah is expressing his love and how they can benefit from it personally .
What are some aspects of God’s undeserved kindness that we should help others to appreciate ?
6 , 7 .
When we explain the ransom to people , how are we spreading the good news of God’s undeserved kindness ?
In this permissive world , sin has all but lost its stigma , so that many are unaware of the need for redemption .
At the same time , more and more people can see that a permissive lifestyle does not bring true happiness .
Until they talk with Jehovah’s Witnesses , many do not understand what sin is , how it affects us , and what we need to do to be delivered from slavery to sin .
Honesthearted ones are relieved to learn that Jehovah , out of his great love and undeserved kindness , sent his Son to earth to ransom us from sin and its consequence , death . ​ — 1 John 4 : 9 , 10 .
Speaking of Jehovah’s beloved Son , Paul wrote : “ By means of him [ Jesus ] we have the release by ransom through the blood of that one , yes , the forgiveness of our trespasses , according to the riches of his [ Jehovah’s ] undeserved kindness . ”
The ransom sacrifice of Christ is the greatest proof of God’s love for us and illustrates the richness of His undeserved kindness .
What a relief it is to learn that if we exercise faith in the shed blood of Jesus , our sins will be forgiven and our conscience will be cleansed !
Good news indeed to share with others !
Why do sinful humans need to be reconciled to God ?
We have the responsibility to make known to our fellow humans that they can come into a friendly relationship with their Creator .
Before humans exercise faith in Jesus ’ sacrifice , God considers them to be his enemies .
The apostle John wrote : “ The one who exercises faith in the Son has everlasting life ; the one who disobeys the Son will not see life , but the wrath of God remains upon him . ”
Happily , Christ’s sacrifice makes reconciliation with God possible .
Paul declared : “ You who were once alienated and enemies because your minds were on the works that were wicked , he has now reconciled by means of that one’s fleshly body through his death . ” ​ — Col .
1 : 21 , 22 .
9 , 10 . ( a ) What responsibility did Christ give to his anointed brothers ?
( b ) How do the “ other sheep ” help their anointed brothers ?
Christ has given his anointed brothers on earth what Paul calls “ the ministry of the reconciliation . ”
In explaining this , Paul wrote to first - century anointed Christians : “ All things are from God , who reconciled us to himself through Christ and gave us the ministry of the reconciliation , namely , that God was by means of Christ reconciling a world to himself , not counting their offenses against them , and he entrusted to us the message of the reconciliation .
Therefore , we are ambassadors substituting for Christ , as though God were making an appeal through us .
As substitutes for Christ , we beg : ‘ Become reconciled to God . ’ ” ​ — 2 Cor .
5 : 18 - 20 .
The “ other sheep ” count it a privilege to help their anointed brothers in this ministry .
Serving as Christ’s envoys , as it were , they are having the biggest share in teaching people spiritual truth and helping them to develop a personal relationship with Jehovah .
This is an important part of the work of bearing thorough witness to the good news of the undeserved kindness of God .
11 , 12 .
Why is it good news for people to learn that they can pray to Jehovah ?
Many people pray because it makes them feel good , but they do not really believe that God hears their prayers .
They need to know that Jehovah is the “ Hearer of prayer . ”
The psalmist David wrote : “ O Hearer of prayer , to you people of all sorts will come .
My errors have overwhelmed me , but you cover over our transgressions . ” ​ — Ps .
65 : 2 , 3 .
Jesus told his disciples : “ If you ask anything in my name , I will do it . ”
Obviously , “ anything ” means anything that is in harmony with Jehovah’s will .
John assures us : “ This is the confidence that we have toward him , that no matter what we ask according to his will , he hears us . ”
How good it is to teach others that far from being a mere psychological crutch , prayer is a wonderful means of approaching Jehovah’s “ throne of undeserved kindness ” ! By teaching them to pray in the right way , to the right Person , and for the right things , we can help them draw close to Jehovah and find comfort during times of distress . ​ — Ps .
4 : 1 ; 145 : 18 .

13 , 14 . ( a ) What marvelous privileges will the anointed have in the future ?
( b ) What wonderful work will the anointed do for mankind ?
Jehovah’s undeserved kindness will reach beyond the end of the present wicked system of things .
Referring to the extraordinary privilege that God has granted to the 144,000 , who are called to reign with Christ in his heavenly Kingdom , Paul wrote : “ God , being rich in mercy , because of his great love with which he loved us , made us alive together with the Christ , even when we were dead in trespasses ​ — by undeserved kindness you have been saved . Moreover , he raised us up together and seated us together in the heavenly places in union with Christ Jesus , so that in the coming systems of things he might demonstrate the surpassing riches of his undeserved kindness in his graciousness toward us in union with Christ Jesus . ” ​ — Eph .
2 : 4 - 7 .
It is difficult to imagine the wonders that Jehovah has in store for anointed Christians when they are seated on thrones to rule with Christ in heaven .
Toward them in particular , Jehovah will “ demonstrate the surpassing riches of his undeserved kindness . ”
They will make up “ the New Jerusalem , ” the bride of Christ .
They will share with Jesus in “ the healing of the nations , ” directing obedient humans to the means to become free from the burden of sin and death and raising them to perfection . ​ — Read Revelation 22 : 1 , 2 , 17 .
15 , 16 .
How will Jehovah show his undeserved kindness toward the “ other sheep ” in the future ?
At Ephesians 2 : 7 , we read that God’s demonstration of undeserved kindness would occur “ in the coming systems of things . ”
Doubtless , Jehovah’s new system of things on earth will witness “ the surpassing riches of his undeserved kindness . ”
One of the greatest earthly demonstrations of Jehovah’s marvelous kindness will be the resurrection of humans from “ the Grave . ”
Faithful men and women of old who died before Christ’s sacrificial death , as well as all those “ other sheep ” who die faithful during the last days , will be brought back to life to continue serving Jehovah .
Millions of humans who died without knowing God will also be resurrected .
They will be given an opportunity to submit to Jehovah’s sovereignty .
John wrote : “ I saw the dead , the great and the small , standing before the throne , and scrolls were opened .
But another scroll was opened ; it is the scroll of life .
The dead were judged out of those things written in the scrolls according to their deeds .
And the sea gave up the dead in it , and death and the Grave gave up the dead in them , and they were judged individually according to their deeds . ”
Of course , those resurrected will be required to learn how to apply the godly principles that are found in the Bible .
In addition , they will have to follow new beneficial instructions that will be revealed in “ the scrolls ” outlining Jehovah’s requirements for living in the new system of things .
The revealing of the contents of these scrolls will be another demonstration of Jehovah’s undeserved kindness .
What should we keep in mind when sharing in our witnessing work ?
More than ever , our mission as the end nears is to preach the good news of the Kingdom !
Undeniably , the good news highlights Jehovah’s undeserved kindness .
We should keep this in mind when we share in our witnessing work .
Our objective when we preach is to honor Jehovah .
We can do this by showing people that all the promises of new world blessings are expressions of Jehovah’s wonderful kindness .
Serve zealously as “ fine stewards of God’s undeserved kindness . ” ​ — 1 Pet . 4 : 10 ( See paragraphs 17 - 19 )
18 , 19 .
How do we glorify Jehovah’s undeserved kindness ?
As we witness to others , we can explain that under Christ’s Kingdom rule , mankind will benefit from the full application of the ransom sacrifice and will gradually be brought to perfection .
The Bible says : “ The creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God . ”
This will be possible only through Jehovah’s extraordinary kindness .
We have the privilege of sharing with all who will listen the thrilling promise that is found at Revelation 21 : 4 , 5 : “ [ God ] will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore .
The former things have passed away . ” And Jehovah , the one seated on the throne , says : “ Look !
I am making all things new . ” He also says : “ Write , for these words are faithful and true . ”
When we zealously preach this good news to others , we truly glorify Jehovah’s undeserved kindness !
“ Keep seeking [ God’s ] Kingdom , and these things will be added to you . ” ​ — LUKE 12 : 31 .
SONGS : 40 , 98
What difference is there between what we need and what we want ?
Why should we control our desire to want more material things ?
Why are you convinced that Jehovah can provide your daily needs ?
What difference is there between what we need and what we want ?
IT HAS been said that man’s necessities are few , but his wants are infinite .
It seems that many cannot see the difference between material needs and wants .
What is the difference ?
A “ need ” is something you must have because your life depends on it .
Food , clothing , and shelter ​ — these are legitimate necessities .
A “ want ” is something you would like to have , but it is not essential for everyday living .
What are some things that people want ?
What people want may vary considerably , depending on where they live .
In developing countries , many may simply want to have enough money to buy a cell phone , a motorbike , or a small plot of land .
In wealthier lands , the urge may be to acquire a lavish wardrobe , a bigger house , or a more expensive automobile .
In any case , herein lies a real danger ​ — becoming ensnared by materialism , wanting more and more things , whether we need them or not and whether we can afford them or not .
What is materialism ?
What is materialism ?
It is a preoccupation with material things rather than spiritual riches .
Materialism is rooted in one’s desires , priorities , and focus in life .
It creates in us a yearning for a lot of material possessions .
A materialistic person may not have a lot of money or make expensive purchases .
Even poor people can become victims of materialism and can neglect seeking first the Kingdom . ​ — Heb .
13 : 5 .
How does Satan use “ the desire of the eyes ” ?
Satan uses his world’s commercial system to seduce us into believing that having material things beyond our actual needs is necessary for the enjoyment of life .
He is adept at appealing to “ the desire of the eyes . ”
The world offers every kind of material thing , from the superb to the absurd , some of which look very enticing .
Have you ever purchased something , not because you needed it , but because it caught your eye in an advertisement or a store display ?
Did you later realize that you could have lived the rest of your life without it ?
Such nonessential things only complicate our life and weigh us down .
They can ensnare us and distract us from our spiritual routine of studying the Bible , preparing for and attending meetings , and sharing regularly in the ministry .
Remember , the apostle John warned : “ The world is passing away and so is its desire . ”
What can happen to those who use most of their energy to get more things ?
Satan wants us to slave for Riches rather than for Jehovah .
Those who spend most of their energy accumulating material things end up with a life that is , at best , shallow because it appeals to selfish gratification or that is , at worst , spiritually empty and full of grief and frustration .
It is as Jesus described in his illustration of the sower .
When the Kingdom message is “ sown among the thorns . . . , the desires for everything else make inroads and choke the word , and it becomes unfruitful . ” ​ — Mark 4 : 14 , 18 , 19 .
What lesson do we learn from Baruch ?
Consider the man Baruch , the prophet Jeremiah’s secretary .
As Jerusalem was nearing its foretold destruction , Baruch began “ seeking great things ” for himself ​ — pursuits that had no lasting value .
However , the only thing he should have hoped for was to receive what Jehovah promised him : “ I will let you escape with your life . ”
God certainly was not going to preserve anyone’s material possessions in a city that was going to be destroyed .
As we near the end of this system of things , now is not the time to amass more and more material things for ourselves .
We should not expect that any of our possessions , regardless of how treasured or valuable they may be , will survive with us through the great tribulation . ​ — Prov . 11 : 4 , ftn . ; Matt .
24 : 21 , 22 ; Luke 12 : 15 .
What will we consider next , and why ?
Jesus gave us the best counsel for securing the necessities of life without being sidetracked , becoming materialistic , or creating needless anxiety for ourselves .
He included this advice in the Sermon on the Mount .
Let us read and analyze the portion that is recorded at Matthew 6 : 25 - 34 .
Doing so should convince us that we must ‘ keep seeking the Kingdom , ’ not things . ​ — Luke 12 : 31 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) Why should we not worry too much about the things we need ?
( b ) What did Jesus know about humans and their needs ?
Read Matthew 6 : 25 .
When Jesus told his listeners to “ stop being anxious about [ their ] lives , ” it was the same as telling them to “ stop worrying . ”
They were anxious about things they ought not be anxious about .
Jesus said to stop that ​ — and for good reason .
Needless anxiety or worry , even about legitimate concerns , can divide a person’s mind and distract him , shutting out the more important spiritual matters of life .
Jesus was so concerned for his disciples that he warned them about this dangerous tendency four more times in his sermon . ​ — Matt .
6 : 27 , 28 , 31 , 34 .
Why did Jesus tell us not to worry about what we will eat , or drink , or wear ?
Are not such things some of the major necessities of life ?
They certainly are !
If we lack the means to obtain these things , will we not naturally be anxious ?
Of course we will , and Jesus knew that .
He was well - aware of people’s day - to - day needs .
More than that , he knew of the difficult conditions facing his disciples who centuries later would live during “ the last days , ” characterized by “ critical times hard to deal with . ”
Such conditions include unemployment , inflation , food shortages , and abject poverty that many experience .
Yet , Jesus also realized that ‘ life means more than food and the body than clothing . ’
When Jesus taught his followers how to pray , what did he say should be most important in their life ?
Earlier in his sermon , Jesus taught his audience to petition their heavenly Father for their physical needs , saying that they could pray : “ Give us today our bread for this day . ”
Or as he put it on a later occasion : “ Give us each day our bread according to our daily needs . ”
But that counsel does not mean that our material provisions should dominate our thinking .
In that same model prayer , Jesus gave priority to praying for God’s Kingdom to come .
To put his listeners ’ minds at ease , Jesus next highlighted Jehovah’s matchless record as a Provider .
11 , 12 .
What do we learn from the way Jehovah cares for the birds of heaven ?
( See opening picture . )
Read Matthew 6 : 26 .
We should “ observe intently the birds of heaven . ”
As small as those creatures are , they eat a lot of fruit , seeds , insects , or worms .
For their body weight , they consume proportionately more than humans .
Yet , they do not have to cultivate the ground and plant seed for food .
Jehovah provides everything they need .
Of course , he does not put the food in their beaks !
They have to go and find it , but the food is there in abundance .
For Jesus , it was unthinkable that his heavenly Father would provide food for the birds but not take care of the same basic needs of humans .
He will not put the food in our mouths , but he may bless our efforts to grow the food we need or to earn the money to buy our daily provisions .
In cases of need , he may motivate others to share what they have .
Although Jesus did not mention providing shelter for the birds of heaven , Jehovah has provided them with the instincts , skills , and materials needed to make nests for themselves .
Jehovah can likewise help us find adequate housing for our families .
What proves that we are worth more than the birds of heaven ?
Jesus asked his listeners : “ Are you not worth more than [ the birds of heaven ] are ? ”
No doubt , Jesus had in mind that he would soon give his life in behalf of mankind .
( Compare Luke 12 : 6 , 7 . )
Christ’s ransom sacrifice was not provided for any other living creatures .
Jesus did not die for the birds of heaven , but he did die for us so that we might enjoy unending life . ​ — Matt .
20 : 28 .
What can an anxious person never do ?
Read Matthew 6 : 27 .
Why did Jesus then say that the anxious person cannot add even a cubit to his life ?
Because needlessly worrying about our daily needs will not help us to live longer .
Instead , overwhelming anxiety is more likely to shorten our life span .
15 , 16 . ( a ) What do we learn from the way Jehovah cares for the lilies of the field ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What questions might we need to ask ourselves , and why ?
Read Matthew 6 : 28 - 30 .
Who does not want to have nice clothing , especially when engaging in spiritual activities ​ — sharing in the ministry or attending meetings and assemblies ?
Even so , must we be “ anxious about clothing ” ?
Jesus again turns our attention to Jehovah’s handiwork .
In this case , we can learn a lot from the appearance of “ the lilies of the field . ”
Jesus may have had in mind such lilylike flowers as gladiolus , hyacinths , irises , and tulips ​ — all beautiful in their own way .
These creations do not have to spin thread and sew or weave garments for themselves .
Yet , their blooms are gorgeous to behold !
Why , “ not even Solomon in all his glory was arrayed as one of these ” !
Do not miss the point of what Jesus is saying : “ If this is how God clothes the vegetation of the field . . . , will he not much rather clothe you , you with little faith ? ”
Most assuredly he will !
Jesus ’ disciples , though , were somewhat lacking in faith .
They needed stronger faith and trust in Jehovah .
What about us ?
How strong is our faith in Jehovah’s desire and ability to provide for us ?
What might damage our relationship with Jehovah ?
Read Matthew 6 : 31 , 32 .
We should not imitate the people of “ the nations , ” who have no real faith in a loving heavenly Father who cares for those who put the interests of his Kingdom first in their life .
Trying to accumulate all “ the things the nations are eagerly pursuing ” would damage our relationship with Jehovah .
Instead , we can be ever confident that if we do what we are supposed to do ​ — give spiritual interests priority in our life — ​ Jehovah will not hold back what is good from us .
Our “ godly devotion ” should prompt us to be content with “ food and clothing , ” or “ sustenance and shelter . ” ​ — 1 Tim . 6 : 6 - 8 ; ftn .
What does Jehovah know about us personally , and what will he do for us ?
Read Matthew 6 : 33 .
Christ’s disciples must always make the Kingdom their first concern in life .
If we do that , then , as Jesus said , “ all these other things will be added ” to us .
Why could he say that ?
He explained in the preceding verse : “ Your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things , ” meaning the necessities of life .
Jehovah can easily anticipate our individual needs regarding food , clothing , and shelter , even before we become aware of them .
He knows which piece of our clothing will wear out next .
He knows what our dietary requirements are and what would be adequate shelter for us , given the size of our family .
Jehovah will see to it that we have what we really need .
Why should we not worry about what might happen in the future ?
Read Matthew 6 : 34 .
Note that for the second time , Jesus says : “ Never be anxious . ”
He wants us to address life’s concerns one day at a time ​ — fully confident that Jehovah will help us .
If a person is unduly anxious about what may happen in the future , he may try to rely on himself rather than on God , and that can adversely affect his relationship with Jehovah . ​ — Prov . 3 : 5 , 6 ; Phil .
4 : 6 , 7 .
Can you simplify your life to focus more on the Kingdom ?
( See paragraph 20 )
( a ) What is a goal you may set in Jehovah’s service ?
( b ) What can you do to simplify your life ?
It is futile to sacrifice the pursuit of Kingdom interests in order to maintain a materialistic lifestyle .
Instead , we should pursue spiritual goals .
For example , can you transfer to a congregation where the need for Kingdom publishers is greater ?
Are you able to pioneer ?
If you are pioneering , have you thought about applying for the School for Kingdom Evangelizers ?
Could you serve as a part - time commuter , helping out at a Bethel facility or a remote translation office ?
Could you become a Local Design / ​ Construction volunteer , working part - time on Kingdom Hall projects ?
Think about what you might be able to do to simplify your lifestyle so that you can get more involved in Kingdom activities .
Prayerfully consider the box “ How to Simplify Your Life , ” and begin taking the steps needed to achieve your goal .
What will help you to draw closer to Jehovah ?
For good reason , Jesus taught us to seek the Kingdom , not things .
By doing so , we need never be anxious about our material needs .
We draw closer to Jehovah by putting our trust in him and not trying to indulge every whim or to buy every thing the world offers , even if we can afford it .
Simplifying our life now will help us to “ get a firm hold on the real life ” yet to come . ​ — 1 Tim .
6 : 19 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 12 ) To understand why Jehovah at times might allow a Christian to lack sufficient food , see “ Questions From Readers ” in the September 15 , 2014 , issue of The Watchtower , p . 22 .
Identify your actual needs
Eliminate unnecessary expenses
Prepare a realistic budget *
Dispose of things you do not use
Pay off any debts that you have
Cut back on secular employment
Plan how to expand your ministry
See the box “ How to Develop a Budget ” in the July 2010 Awake ! , p .
8 .
“ You do not know on what day your Lord is coming . ” ​ — MATT .
24 : 42 .
SONGS : 136 , 129
the influence of the Devil ?
the spirit of the world ?
our own weaknesses ?
Illustrate why it is important to be aware of what time it is and what is happening around us .
( See opening picture . )
FIVE , four , three , two , one !
As we see the clock on the video screen counting down , we know that it is time to be in our seats to enjoy the musical prelude that begins a convention session .
It is time to listen quietly to the beautiful music of the Watchtower orchestra and , most important , prepare our mind and heart for the talks that will follow .
But what if some individuals are distracted , milling about or conversing with their friends , unaware that the program is beginning ?
They have evidently failed to keep on the watch as to what time it is and what is taking place around them ​ — the chairman is on the platform , the music is playing , and the audience is seated .
That scenario may help us appreciate the “ countdown ” for a much greater event , one that calls for us to be keenly aware of what is coming in the near future .
And what event is that ?
Why did Jesus tell his disciples to “ keep on the watch ” ?
When speaking of “ the conclusion of the system of things , ” Jesus Christ urged his disciples : “ Keep looking , keep awake , for you do not know when the appointed time is . ”
After that , Jesus admonished them repeatedly : “ Keep on the watch . ”



Why do we pay attention to Jesus ’ warning ?
As Jehovah’s Witnesses , we take seriously Jesus ’ warning .
We know that we are living deep in “ the time of the end ” and that there cannot be much time left before the “ great tribulation ” begins !
We see distressing wars , increasing immorality and lawlessness , religious confusion , food shortages , pestilences , and earthquakes taking place around the world .
We know that a phenomenal Kingdom - preaching work is being accomplished by Jehovah’s people everywhere .
We eagerly anticipate what the Lord’s coming will mean for us and for the accomplishment of God’s purpose . ​ — Mark 13 : 26 , 27 .
( a ) Why can we believe that Jesus now knows when Armageddon will occur ?
( b ) Although we do not know when the great tribulation will begin , what can we be sure of ?
We know that every convention session has a precise time to start .
However , try as hard as we might , we cannot pinpoint the exact year , much less day and hour , when the great tribulation will begin .
When on earth , Jesus said : “ Concerning that day and hour nobody knows , neither the angels of the heavens nor the Son , but only the Father . ”
But Christ has been empowered in heaven to wage war against Satan’s world .
Thus , it is reasonable to conclude that Jesus now knows when Armageddon will occur .
We , however , do not know .
It is imperative that we stay watchful until the tribulation occurs .
Yet , the timing of that event has never been uncertain to Jehovah .
He has determined exactly when the end will come .
He is counting down the time to the start of the great tribulation , and its start “ will not be late ! ”
( Read Habakkuk 2 : 1 - 3 . )
How can we be sure of this ?
Give an example to show that Jehovah’s prophecies are always fulfilled right on time .
Jehovah’s prophecies have always been fulfilled right on time !
Consider his precise timing when he delivered the Israelites from Egypt .
Referring to Nisan 14 , 1513 B.C.E . , Moses stated : “ At the end of the 430 years , on this very day , all the multitudes of Jehovah went out of the land of Egypt . ”
Those “ 430 years ” began when Jehovah’s covenant with Abraham went into effect in 1943 B.C.E .
Sometime later , Jehovah told Abraham : “ Know for certain that your offspring will be foreigners in a land not theirs and that the people there will enslave them and afflict them for 400 years . ”
Those “ 400 years ” of affliction evidently began in 1913 B.C.E . when Ishmael mocked Isaac at the time of his being weaned , and they ended when the Israelites made their exodus out of Egypt in 1513 B.C.E .
Yes , four centuries in advance , Jehovah set the precise time for the deliverance of his people !
Why can we be sure that Jehovah will save his people ?
Joshua , who was among those delivered from Egypt , reminded all Israel : “ You well know with all your heart and with all your soul that not one word out of all the good promises that Jehovah your God has spoken to you has failed .
They have all come true for you .
Not one word of them has failed . ” We can be certain that Jehovah’s promise of deliverance through the great tribulation will not fail us either .
However , if we want to survive the destruction of this system , we must keep on the watch .
7 , 8 . ( a ) What was the role of a watchman in ancient times , and what lesson does that teach us ?
( b ) Give an example of what could happen when watchmen fell asleep on the job .
We can learn a lesson from ancient times about the importance of being watchful .
Back then , many larger cities ​ — such as Jerusalem — ​ were surrounded by high walls .
The walls provided physical protection from invaders as well as elevated vantage points from which to watch the surrounding landscape .
Day and night , watchmen were stationed on the walls and at the gates .
They were to alert the city’s inhabitants of any approaching danger .
It was a life - and - death matter that the watchmen remain awake and attentive at their posts . ​ — Ezek .
33 : 6 .
Jewish historian Josephus relates that in 70 C.E . , the Roman forces were able to take possession of the Tower of Antonia , adjoining the city wall of Jerusalem , because the guards at the gates were asleep !
From there , the Romans rushed the temple and set fire to it , resulting in the finale of the greatest tribulation that Jerusalem and the Jewish nation had ever experienced .
What are most people today not aware of ?
Most nations today have “ watchmen ” in the form of border patrols and high - tech surveillance systems .
They watch for intrusions into their territory and for enemies who pose a threat to national security .
However , such “ watchmen ” can perceive only those threats that come from man - made governments or humans .
They are unaware of the existence and activities of God’s heavenly Kingdom government in the hands of Christ and the role it will play in the impending judgment on all the nations .
On the other hand , by being alert and watchful spiritually , we will be ready whenever that day of judgment arrives . ​ — Ps .
130 : 6 .

10 , 11 . ( a ) Of what must we be careful , and why ?
( b ) What convinces you that the Devil has influenced people to ignore Bible prophecy ?
Imagine a watchman who has been awake at his post all night .
He becomes most weary and apt to fall asleep just before the end of his watch .
Likewise , the closer we get to the end of this system of things , the greater the challenge for us to stay awake .
How tragic it would be if we were to fail to keep on the watch !
Let us consider three negative influences that could weaken our alertness and vigilance if we are not careful .
The Devil is lulling people into spiritual apathy .
Shortly before his death , Jesus three times warned his disciples about “ the ruler of this world . ”
Jesus knew that the Devil would keep people in darkness mentally in order to undermine the sense of urgency that permeates God’s prophecies about the future .
Satan blinds people’s minds through the world empire of false religion .
What have you detected in your conversations with others ?
Has the Devil not already “ blinded the minds of the unbelievers ” about the coming end of this system of things and the fact that Christ is now ruling God’s Kingdom ?
How often do you hear people say , “ I’m not interested ” ?
For the most part , they are apathetic when we try to tell them where this world is headed .
Why must we not let the Devil deceive us ?
Do not let the apathy of others discourage or dissuade you from keeping on the watch .
You know better .
Paul wrote to fellow believers : “ You yourselves know very well that Jehovah’s day is coming , ” and he added , “ exactly as a thief in the night . ”
( Read 1 Thessalonians 5 : 1 - 6 . )
Jesus warned us : “ Keep ready , because at an hour that you do not think likely , the Son of man is coming . ”
Soon , Satan will deceive the masses into accepting a false sense of “ peace and security . ”
He will mislead them into thinking that all is well on the world scene .
What about us ?
That day of judgment does not have to “ overtake [ us ] as it would thieves , ” provided we “ stay awake and keep our senses . ”
That is why we daily must read God’s written Word and meditate on what Jehovah is telling us .
How is the spirit of the world affecting mankind , and how can we avoid that dangerous influence ?
The spirit of the world is inducing spiritual sleep .
Many are so wrapped up in their mundane affairs of life that they are not “ conscious of their spiritual need . ”
They are engrossed in the material attractions of the world that foster “ the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes . ”
Also , the entertainment industry has intoxicated people with the ‘ love of pleasures , ’ and the temptations are intensifying year by year .
This is why Paul told Christians that they should “ not be planning ahead for the desires of the flesh , ” which induce spiritual sleep . ​ — Rom . 13 : 11 - 14 .
What warning do we find at Luke 21 : 34 , 35 ?
Instead of the world’s spirit , we welcome in our life the influence of God’s spirit by which Jehovah has given us a clear understanding of the events that lie ahead of us .
Yet , we realize that it does not take anything extraordinary to make a person spiritually drowsy ​ — the ordinary things of life will do that if allowed to crowd out our spiritual activities .
( Read Luke 21 : 34 , 35 . )
Others may ridicule us for keeping on the watch , but that is no reason for us to lose our sense of urgency .
Instead , we must regularly associate with fellow Christians at our congregation meetings , where God’s spirit is present .
Are you doing everything you can to remain spiritually alert ?
( See paragraphs 11 - 16 )
What happened to Peter , James , and John , and how might that happen to us too ?
Our imperfect flesh can weaken our resolve to stay alert .
Jesus knew of the tendency that imperfect humans have to succumb to the weaknesses of the flesh .
Consider what happened the night before Jesus was to be executed .
In order to maintain his integrity , he needed to turn to his heavenly Father for strength .
Jesus asked Peter , James , and John to “ keep on the watch ” while he prayed .
However , they did not recognize the seriousness of what was coming .
Rather than watching out for their Master , they gave in to the urge of their flesh and went to sleep .
Jesus , though also physically tired , was fully awake in fervent prayer to his Father .
That is what his companions should have been doing . ​ — Mark 14 : 32 - 41 .
According to Luke 21 : 36 , how did Jesus instruct us to “ keep awake ” ?
To “ keep awake ” spiritually means more than just having good intentions .
A few days before the incident in the garden of Gethsemane , Jesus told those same disciples to make supplication to Jehovah .
( Read Luke 21 : 36 . )
So to remain spiritually watchful , we too must stay alert in prayer . ​ — 1 Pet . 4 : 7 , ftn .
How can we make sure that we are ready for what is coming in the near future ?
Since Jesus said that the end will come “ at an hour that [ we ] do not think to be it , ” this is no time to doze off spiritually , no time to pursue the illusions and fantasies that Satan and his world offer and that our flesh craves .
Through the pages of the Bible , God and Christ tell us what they have in store for us in the immediate future and how we can keep on the watch .
We have to pay attention to our spirituality , to our relationship with Jehovah , and to Kingdom priorities .
We must be aware of time and events so that we can be ready for what is coming .
Our life is at stake !
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 14 ) See chapter 21 of the book God’s Kingdom Rules !
LIFE STORY
As told by Ronald J .
Parkin
WHEN I was 12 years of age , I first realized that I had something valuable to give .
During an assembly , a brother asked me if I would like to preach .
“ Yes , ” I said , although I had never preached before .
We went to the territory , and he gave me some booklets about God’s Kingdom .
“ You visit the people on that side of the street , ” he said , “ and I’ll take this side . ”
Nervously , I began going from house to house , and to my surprise , I had soon placed all the booklets .
Clearly , many individuals wanted what I had to give .
I was born in 1923 in Chatham , Kent , England , and I grew up in a world full of disappointed people .
The Great War had not lived up to the promise of making the world a better place .
My parents were also disappointed by Baptist clergymen who seemed too interested in their own advancement .
When I was about nine , my mother began going to the hall of the International Bible Students Association , where people who had adopted the name Jehovah’s Witnesses held their “ classes , ” or meetings .
One of the sisters there gave us children Bible lessons based on the Bible and the book The Harp of God .
I liked what I was learning .
As a teenager , I enjoyed giving people hope from God’s Word .
Although I often went out and worked from house to house alone , I also learned by preaching with others .
For example , one day as an older brother and I were cycling to the preaching territory , we passed a clergyman and I said , “ There goes a goat . ”
The brother stopped his bicycle and asked me to sit down with him on a log .
He said : “ Who gave you authority to judge who is a goat ?
Let’s just be happy giving people the good news and leave the judging to Jehovah . ”
I learned a lot about the happiness of giving in those early days . ​ — Matt .
25 : 31 - 33 ; Acts 20 : 35 .
Another older brother taught me that to find happiness in giving , we sometimes have to endure patiently .
His wife did not like Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Once he invited me to his home for refreshments .
She was so furious that he had been out preaching that she began throwing packets of tea at us .
Rather than reprimand her , he cheerfully put the tea back in its place .
Years later , his patience was rewarded when his wife was baptized as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
My desire to give others a hope for the future continued to grow , and my mother and I got baptized in Dover in March 1940 .
Britain had declared war on Germany in September 1939 when I was 16 .
In June 1940 , I watched from our front doorstep as thousands of traumatized soldiers passed by in lorries ( trucks ) .
They were survivors of the Battle of Dunkirk .
I saw no sign of hope in their eyes , and I yearned to tell them about God’s Kingdom .
Later that year , the regular bombing of Britain began .
Each night , I watched as squadrons of German bombers flew over our area .
The bombs whistled , and you could hear them falling , adding to the terror .
When we went out the next morning , we would find whole areas of destroyed houses .
I increasingly realized that the Kingdom was my only hope for the future .
It was really in 1941 that I embarked on the life that has made me so happy .
I had been working in the Royal Dockyard in Chatham as an apprentice shipwright , a coveted position with excellent benefits .
Jehovah’s servants had long understood that Christians should not fight for one nation against another .
By 1941 we were becoming aware that we should not work in the arms industry .
Since the dockyard was building submarines , I decided that it was time for me to leave my job and take up the full - time ministry .
My first assignment was in Cirencester , a picturesque town in the Cotswolds .
When I turned 18 , I was imprisoned for nine months because I refused to perform military service .
It was a dreadful feeling when the door of my cell first slammed shut and I was left alone .
But soon , guards and prisoners began asking why I was there , and I gladly explained my faith to them .
After my release , I was asked to join Leonard Smith * to preach in various towns in our home county of Kent .
Starting in 1944 , over a thousand unmanned jet planes packed with explosives fell on Kent .
We were exactly under the flight path between Nazi - occupied Europe and London .
Those flying bombs were called doodlebugs .
It was a terror campaign , for if you heard the engine cut out , as we often did , you knew that seconds later the plane would fall and explode .
We conducted a Bible study with one family of five .
At times , we sat under an iron table designed to protect them if the house collapsed .
That entire family eventually got baptized .
Advertising a convention during my early pioneering days in Ireland
After the war , I pioneered for two years in southern Ireland .
We were not aware of how different Ireland was from England .
We went from door to door asking for accommodations , saying that we were missionaries , and we offered our magazines on the street .
What “ silly ” things to do in such a Catholic country !
When a man threatened us with violence , I complained to a policeman , who said , “ Well , what do you expect ? ”
We did not realize how much power the priests had .
They had people dismissed from their jobs if they accepted our books , and they had us evicted from our lodgings .
We soon learned that when we arrived in a new area , it was best to cycle far away from our place of lodging , preaching only where people had a different priest .
Last of all , we visited the people nearby .
In Kilkenny , we studied with a young man three times a week despite the threats of violent mobs .
I so much enjoyed teaching Bible truths that I decided to apply for training as a missionary at the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead .
The schooner Sibia served as our missionary home from 1948 to 1953
After the five - month course in New York , four of us Gilead graduates were assigned to the smaller islands of the Caribbean Sea .
In November of 1948 , we left New York City aboard a 59 - foot ( 18 m ) schooner named Sibia .
I had never sailed before , so I was excited .
One of our number , Gust Maki , was an experienced sea captain .
He taught us some basic seamanship , such as how to raise and lower the various sails , how to maintain a compass bearing , and how to tack against the wind .
Gust skillfully navigated our craft for 30 days through dangerous storms until we reached the Bahamas .
After spending a few months preaching on the smaller islands of the Bahamas , we set sail for the Leeward Islands and the Windward Islands , which extend some 500 miles ( 800 km ) from the Virgin Islands near Puerto Rico and stretch almost to Trinidad .
For five years , we preached mainly on isolated islands where there were no Witnesses .
Sometimes we went for weeks without being able to send or receive mail .
But how happy we were proclaiming Jehovah’s word among the islands ! ​ — Jer .
31 : 10 .
The crew of missionaries aboard the Sibia ( left to right ) : Ron Parkin , Dick Ryde , Gust Maki , and Stanley Carter
When we anchored in a bay , our arrival would create quite a stir among the villagers , and people would gather on the jetty to see who we were .
Some had never seen a schooner or a white man before .
The islanders were friendly religious people who knew the Bible well .
Often , they gave us fresh fish , avocados , and peanuts .
Our small vessel had little space for sleeping , cooking , or washing clothes , but we managed .
We would row ashore and visit the people all day long .
We used to tell them that there would be a Bible talk .
Then at dusk we rang the ship’s bell .
It was wonderful to see residents arriving .
Their oil lamps were like twinkling stars coming down the hillsides .
Sometimes a hundred people came , and they stayed late into the evening asking questions .
They enjoyed singing , so we typed out and distributed the words of some Kingdom songs .
As the four of us did our best to sing the tunes , the people joined in , their voices harmonizing beautifully .
What happy times !
After we conducted a Bible study , some students would walk with us to the next family we were to visit in order to join in their study too .
Although we had to leave after spending a few weeks in a certain place , we often asked the most interested people to continue studying with the others until we returned .
It was lovely to see how seriously some of them took their assignment .
Today , many of those islands are bustling tourist resorts , but back then they were secluded places with only turquoise lagoons , sandy beaches , and palm trees .
We usually sailed from island to island at night .
Dolphins playfully swam alongside our boat , and all you could hear was the swish of our bow cutting through the water .
The moon shining on the calm seas made a silvery highway stretching to the horizon .
After spending five years preaching on the islands , we sailed to Puerto Rico to exchange the schooner for a boat with engines .
When we arrived , I met and fell in love with Maxine Boyd , a beautiful missionary sister .
She had been a zealous preacher of the good news since childhood .
Later , she served as a missionary in the Dominican Republic until she was expelled from that country by the Catholic government in 1950 .
As a ship’s crewman , I had a permit to stay in Puerto Rico only one month .
I would soon be sailing to the islands and be away for a few more years .
So I said to myself , ‘ Ronald , if you want this girl , you’ve got to act quickly . ’
After three weeks I proposed , and after six weeks we were married .
Maxine and I were assigned as missionaries to Puerto Rico , so I never went out on the new boat .
In 1956 we began visiting congregations in the circuit work .
Many of the brothers were poor , but we loved visiting them .
For example , in the village of Potala Pastillo , there were two Witness families with many children , and I used to play the flute for them .
I asked one of the little girls , Hilda , if she wanted to come and preach with us . She said : “ I want to , but I can’t . I don’t have any shoes . ”
We bought her a pair , and she came preaching with us .
Years later , in 1972 , when Maxine and I were visiting Brooklyn Bethel , a sister who had just graduated from Gilead School approached us .
She was about to leave for her assignment in Ecuador , and she said : “ You don’t recognize me , do you ?
I am the little girl from Pastillo who had no shoes . ”
It was Hilda !
We were so happy that we cried !
In 1960 we were asked to serve at the Puerto Rico branch , which was located in a small two - story house in Santurce , San Juan .
At first , Lennart Johnson and I did most of the work .
He and his wife were the first Witnesses of Jehovah in the Dominican Republic , and they had arrived in Puerto Rico in 1957 .
Later , Maxine processed the magazine subscriptions ​ — over a thousand a week .
She enjoyed doing this work because she thought of all those people receiving spiritual food .
I enjoy Bethel service , for it is a life of giving .
But it is not without its challenges .
For example , during Puerto Rico’s first international assembly in 1967 , I felt overwhelmed by the responsibility .
Nathan Knorr , who was then taking the lead among Jehovah’s Witnesses , came to Puerto Rico .
He mistakenly assumed that I had neglected to arrange transportation for the visiting missionaries , although I had done so .
Later , he gave me strong counsel about being organized and said that he was disappointed in me .
I didn’t want to argue with him , but I felt misjudged and upset for quite a while .
Nevertheless , the next time Maxine and I saw Brother Knorr , he invited us to his room and cooked a meal for us .
From Puerto Rico , we visited my family in England several times .
Father did not accept the truth when Mother and I did .
But when speakers from Bethel visited , my mother often had them stay in our home .
My father saw how humble these Bethel overseers were in contrast with the clergymen who had disgusted him years earlier .
Finally , in 1962 he was baptized as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
With Maxine in Puerto Rico shortly after we got married and at our 50th wedding anniversary in 2003
My dear wife , Maxine , died in 2011 .
I am really looking forward to seeing her again in the resurrection .
What a happy thought !
During our 58 years together , Maxine and I saw Jehovah’s people in Puerto Rico grow from about 650 Witnesses to 26,000 !
Then , in 2013 the Puerto Rico branch was merged with the United States branch , and I was asked to serve at Wallkill , New York .
After 60 years on the island , I felt as Puerto Rican as a coquí , the popular little Puerto Rican tree frog that sings ko - kee , ko - kee at dusk .
But it was time to move on .
I still enjoy serving God at Bethel .
I am now over 90 years of age , and my job is to encourage members of the Bethel family as a spiritual shepherd .
I am told that I have visited over 600 since I came to Wallkill .
Some who come to see me want to discuss personal or family problems .
Others ask for counsel on making a success of their Bethel service .
Still others who recently got married are looking for advice on marriage .
Some have been reassigned to the field .
I listen to all who speak to me , and when appropriate , I often tell them : “ ‘ God loves a cheerful giver . ’
So be happy in your work .
It is for Jehovah . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
9 : 7 .
The challenge of being happy at Bethel is the same as it is elsewhere : You have to focus on why what you are doing is important .
Everything we do at Bethel is sacred service .
It contributes to helping “ the faithful and discreet slave ” to provide spiritual food for the worldwide brotherhood .
Wherever we serve Jehovah , we have opportunities to praise him .
Let us enjoy what he asks us to do , for “ God loves a cheerful giver . ”
Leonard Smith’s life story appeared in The Watchtower of April 15 , 2012 .
“ Jehovah God said : ‘ It is not good for the man to continue to be alone .
I am going to make a helper for him . ’ ” ​ — GEN .
2 : 18 .
SONGS : 36 , 11
Why can it be said that marriage is a gift from God ?
How would you describe the history of marriage from the time of Adam to Jesus ’ day ?
What can help a Christian to decide whether to get married ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How did marriage begin ?
( b ) What could the first man and woman have realized about marriage ?
( See opening picture . )
MARRIAGE is very much a part of life .
A review of its origin and purpose can help us to have a proper view of this relationship and enjoy its intended blessings more fully .
After God created the first man , Adam , the animals were brought to him so that he could name them .
But “ for man there was no helper as a complement of him . ”
God therefore caused Adam to fall into a deep sleep , took a rib from him , built it into a woman , and brought her to the man .
( Read Genesis 2 : 20 - 24 . )
Thus , marriage is of divine origin .
Jesus confirmed that it was Jehovah who stated : “ A man will leave his father and his mother and will stick to his wife , and the two will be one flesh . ”
God’s use of a rib from Adam in creating the first woman could have impressed on the first human couple the closeness of their union .
There was no arrangement for divorce or for having more than one mate at the same time .
What was an important purpose of marriage ?
Adam was delighted with his lovely wife , whom he later named Eve .
Being “ a complement ” of him , she would be “ a helper for him ” as they daily brought happiness to each other by fulfilling their roles as husband and wife .
An important purpose of marriage was to populate the earth .
Though they loved their parents , sons and daughters would leave them to get married and form new households .
Humans would fill the earth to a comfortable degree and would extend their home until the entire globe was a paradise .
What happened to the first marriage ?
The first marriage was struck with calamity because both Adam and Eve chose to misuse their free will by disobeying Jehovah .
“ The original serpent , ” Satan the Devil , deceived Eve by leading her to believe that eating fruit from “ the tree of the knowledge of good and bad ” imparted special knowledge that would enable her to decide what was good and what was bad .
She did not show respect for her husband’s headship by asking him about the matter .
And instead of obeying God , Adam accepted the fruit Eve held out to him . ​ — Rev .
12 : 9 ; Gen .
2 : 9 , 16 , 17 ; 3 : 1 - 6 .
What can we learn from Adam’s and Eve’s responses to Jehovah ?
When brought to account by God , Adam blamed his wife , saying : “ The woman whom you gave to be with me , she gave me fruit from the tree , so I ate . ”
Eve blamed the serpent for deceiving her .
Lame excuses but no justification !
Because the first human pair had disobeyed Jehovah , they stood before him as condemned rebels .
What a warning for us !
For success in marriage , each mate must accept personal responsibility and obey Jehovah .
How would you explain Genesis 3 : 15 ?
Despite what Satan did in Eden , Jehovah held out hope for mankind in the first Bible prophecy .
( Read Genesis 3 : 15 . )
The original rebellious spirit creature would be crushed by the “ offspring ” of “ the woman . ”
Jehovah thus gave humans a glimpse of the special relationship that exists between him and the vast throngs of righteous spirit creatures serving him in heaven .
The Scriptures later revealed that from his wifelike organization , God would send one who would “ crush ” the Devil and provide the means for obedient mankind to enjoy the prospect that the first human pair lost ​ — that of living forever on the earth in keeping with Jehovah’s original purpose . ​ — John 3 : 16 .
( a ) What has happened to marriage since the rebellion of Adam and Eve ?
( b ) What does the Bible require of husbands and wives ?
The rebellion of Adam and Eve had an impact on their marriage and on all marriages thereafter .
For example , Eve and her female descendants would experience much pain during pregnancy and childbirth .
Women would have a longing for their husbands , but men would dominate their wives , even abusively , as we see in many marriages today .
The Bible requires that husbands exercise headship in a loving way .
In turn , wives are to submit to the headship of their husbands .
Because of cooperation between God - fearing mates , situations that cause friction are kept to a minimum or eliminated entirely .
What is the history of marriage from the time of Adam to the Flood ?
Before sin and imperfection brought about the death of Adam and Eve , the couple produced sons and daughters .
Their first son , Cain , married one of his female relatives .
Cain’s descendant Lamech is the first man reported as having two wives .
In the generations from Adam to the Flood of Noah’s day , only a few individuals are identified as worshippers of Jehovah .
Among them were Abel , Enoch , and Noah and his family .
In Noah’s day , “ the sons of the true God began to notice that the daughters of men were beautiful , ” says the Bible . “ So they began taking as wives all whom they chose . ”
This unnatural union of materialized angels and women produced violent hybrids known as Nephilim .
Moreover , “ man’s wickedness was great on the earth ” and “ every inclination of the thoughts of his heart was only bad all the time . ” ​ — Gen .
6 : 1 - 5 .
What did Jehovah do to the wicked in Noah’s day , and what lesson should we learn from what happened at that time ?
Jehovah brought about the Flood of Noah’s day in order to destroy the wicked .
At that time , people were so occupied with the daily affairs of life , including marriage , that they did not take seriously what “ Noah , a preacher of righteousness , ” said about the impending destruction .
Jesus compared conditions then with what we would see in our day .
( Read Matthew 24 : 37 - 39 . )
Today , most people refuse to listen to the good news of God’s Kingdom that is being preached throughout the earth for a witness to all the nations before this wicked system is brought to its end .
Let us take to heart the lesson that even family - matters , such as marriage and the raising of children , should not be allowed to crowd out our sense of urgency as to Jehovah’s day .
( a ) In many cultures , what sexual practices became a way of life ?
( b ) How did Abraham and Sarah set a good example in their marriage ?
Although Noah and his three sons each had only one wife , polygamy was practiced in patriarchal times .
In many cultures , sexual immorality became a way of life , even being incorporated into religious rites .
When Abram ( Abraham ) and his wife , Sarai ( Sarah ) , obeyed God and moved to Canaan , that land was filled with practices that made a mockery of marriage .
Jehovah therefore decreed that Sodom and Gomorrah be destroyed because inhabitants of those cities practiced or condoned gross sexual immorality .
Abraham took the proper lead in his family , and Sarah set a fine example by submitting to her husband’s headship .
( Read 1 Peter 3 : 3 - 6 . )
Abraham made sure that his son Isaac married a worshipper of Jehovah .
Similar concern for true worship guided Isaac’s son Jacob , whose sons became the forefathers of the 12 tribes of Israel .
How did the Mosaic Law protect the Israelites ?
Later , Jehovah brought the descendants of Jacob ( Israel ) into a covenant relationship with Him .
The basic marriage practices of patriarchal times , including polygamy , were regulated by the Mosaic Law .
It helped to protect the Israelites spiritually by prohibiting marriage to false worshippers .
( Read Deuteronomy 7 : 3 , 4 . )
When serious problems arose in marriage , help was often provided by the elders .
Unfaithfulness , jealousy , and suspicions were dealt with appropriately .
Divorce was allowed , but it too was regulated .
A man could divorce his wife for “ something indecent . ”
What was “ indecent ” is not defined , but it is reasonable to assume that it did not include petty issues . ​ — Lev .
19 : 18 .
12 , 13 . ( a ) How were some men treating their wives in Malachi’s day ?
( b ) Today , if a baptized person ran off with someone else’s mate , what would the consequences be ?
In the days of the prophet Malachi , many Jewish husbands dealt treacherously with their wives by divorcing them , using all kinds of excuses .
Such men thus rid themselves of the wives of their youth , perhaps to marry younger women or even pagan women .
Jewish men were still treacherously divorcing their wives “ on every sort of grounds ” when Jesus was on earth .
Jehovah God hated such divorcing . ​ — Read Malachi 2 : 13 - 16 .
Today , marital treachery cannot be tolerated among Jehovah’s people .
But suppose a baptized married man or woman ran off with another person’s mate and married that one after obtaining a divorce .
If he is unrepentant , the wrongdoer would be disfellowshipped in order to maintain the spiritual purity of the congregation .
He or she would have to “ produce fruits that befit repentance ” before being accepted back into the congregation .
Though no set time must pass before that person’s reinstatement , such treachery , which seldom occurs among those associated with God’s people , cannot be ignored .
It might take quite some time ​ — a year or more — ​ for the sinner to give proof of true repentance .
Even if the person is reinstated , he or she must still render an account “ before the judgment seat of God . ” ​ — Rom . 14 : 10 - 12 ; see The Watchtower , November 15 , 1979 , pp . 31 - 32 .
What overall purpose did the Law serve ?
The Mosaic Law governed Israel’s affairs for over 1,500 years .
It helped God’s people to keep righteous principles in mind in handling family matters and other concerns while it served as a guardian leading to the Messiah .
With the cancellation of the Law at Jesus ’ death , God began a new arrangement .
Under it , some concessions in the Law were no longer allowed .
( a ) In the Christian congregation , what would be the standard for marriage ?
( b ) What factors should a Christian consider when contemplating divorce ?
In response to a question posed by some Pharisees , Jesus said that the concession made by Moses to divorce one’s mate had “ not been the case from the beginning . ”
Jesus thus indicated that the divine standard for marriage that was set in Eden would prevail in the Christian congregation .
Being “ one flesh , ” marriage mates were to stick together , allowing love for God and for each other to strengthen their bond .
A legal divorce not based on sexual immorality would not free one to remarry .
Of course , a person might choose to forgive an adulterous but repentant mate , even as the prophet Hosea apparently forgave his immoral wife , Gomer .
Similarly , Jehovah extended mercy to repentant Israel after that nation’s spiritual adultery .
It might be added that if a person knows that his or her mate committed adultery and chooses to resume sexual relations with the guilty mate , such an action constitutes forgiveness and removes a Scriptural basis for divorce .
What did Jesus say about singleness ?
After indicating that among true Christians there is no basis for divorce except sexual immorality , Jesus spoke of “ those who have the gift ” of living a single life .
He added : “ Let the one who can make room for it make room for it . ”
Many have chosen to remain single in order to serve Jehovah with an undivided mind .
For doing so , they are to be commended .
What can help a Christian to decide whether to get married ?
Whether to stay single or to get married is a matter of determining in one’s heart if one is able to cultivate the gift of singleness .
The apostle Paul recommended singleness ; yet , he said : “ Because of the prevalence of sexual immorality , let each man have his own wife and each woman have her own husband . ”
Paul added : “ If they do not have self - control , let them marry , for it is better to marry than to be inflamed with passion . ”
Getting married can help a person to avoid letting passion lead him to such a practice as masturbation or to sexual immorality .
In addition , age is a factor to consider , for the apostle stated : “ If anyone thinks he is behaving improperly by remaining unmarried , and if he is past the bloom of youth , then this is what should take place : Let him do what he wants ; he does not sin .
Let them marry . ”
Nevertheless , a person should not be prompted to marry because of surges of passion that may come in youth .
He may not be mature enough to take on the responsibilities of married life .
18 , 19 . ( a ) How should a Christian marriage begin ?
( b ) What will the following article discuss ?
Christian marriage should begin with a man and a woman who are dedicated to Jehovah and love him wholeheartedly .
They should also have come to love each other so much that they want to unite their lives in the marital bond .
Of course , they will be blessed for having followed the counsel to marry “ only in the Lord . ”
Once married , they will undoubtedly agree that the Bible gives the best advice for making their marriage a success .
The following article will discuss Scriptural points that can help married Christians face the challenges of living deep in “ the last days ” when so many men and women have traits that work against success in marriage .
In his precious Word , Jehovah has given us what we need in order to have a successful and happy marriage as we keep on walking with his people on the road to everlasting life . ​ — Matt .
7 : 13 , 14 .
“ Each one of you must love his wife as he does himself ; . . . the wife should have deep respect for her husband . ” ​ — EPH .
5 : 33 .
SONGS : 87 , 3
What responsibilities did God give husbands and wives ?
Why are love and tenderness very important in a marriage ?
How can the Bible help if there are problems in a marriage ?
Although marriage usually begins with joy , what can those who marry expect to experience ?
( See opening picture . )
WHEN a lovely bride appears before her handsome bridegroom on their wedding day , words can hardly describe their joy .
During courtship , their love has grown so much that they are ready to vow that they will be faithful to each other in marriage .
Of course , adjustments are needed as two lives are blended and a new household is established .
But God’s Word provides wise advice for all who choose to get married , for the loving Originator of marriage wants each couple to have a good measure of success and happiness in their married life .
Yet , the Scriptures clearly tell us that imperfect humans who get married “ will have tribulation in their flesh . ”
How can such tribulation be kept to a minimum ?
And what will make Christian marriage a success ?
What kinds of love should marriage mates show ?
The Bible emphasizes the importance of love .
Tender affection ( Greek , phi·liʹa ) is needed in a marriage .
Romantic love ( eʹros ) brings delight , and love for family ( stor·geʹ ) is vital when children enter the picture .
However , it is love based on principle ( a·gaʹpe ) that ensures the success of a marriage .
Concerning this love , the apostle Paul wrote : “ Each one of you must love his wife as he does himself ; on the other hand , the wife should have deep respect for her husband . ” ​ — Eph .
5 : 33 .
How strong should love be in a marriage ?
Paul wrote : “ Husbands , continue loving your wives , just as the Christ also loved the congregation and gave himself up for it . ”
Imitating Jesus ’ example requires that his followers love one another just as he loved them .
( Read John 13 : 34 , 35 ; 15 : 12 , 13 . )
Marital love shown by Christians should therefore be so strong that either mate would be willing , if necessary , to die for the other .
That may be the last thing one would be inclined to do if a serious disagreement were to develop .
Nevertheless , a·gaʹpe love “ bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . ”
Yes , “ love never fails . ”
Remembering their vow to love each other and to be faithful to each other will help God - fearing marriage mates work together in harmony with Jehovah’s lofty principles to resolve any problems that may arise .
4 , 5 . ( a ) What is a husband’s responsibility as a family head ?
( b ) How should a wife view headship ?
( c ) What adjustments did one married couple need to make ?
Focusing on the personal duties of each marriage mate , Paul wrote : “ Let wives be in subjection to their husbands as to the Lord , because a husband is head of his wife just as the Christ is head of the congregation . ”
This arrangement does not make a wife inferior to her husband .
It actually helps her to fulfill the role God had in mind for a wife when he said : “ It is not good for the man [ Adam ] to continue to be alone .
I am going to make a helper for him , as a complement of him . ”
Just as Christ , the “ head of the congregation , ” displays love , a Christian husband is to exercise loving headship .
When he does so , his wife feels secure and finds satisfaction in being respectful , supportive , and submissive .
Admitting that marriage calls for adjustments , Cathy says : “ As a single sister , I was independent and took care of myself .
Marriage was an adjustment for me as I learned to rely on my husband .
It has not always been easy , but we have drawn so much closer as a couple by doing things Jehovah’s way . ”
Her husband , Fred , says : “ Making decisions was never easy for me .
In marriage , taking two people into consideration adds to the challenge .
But by seeking Jehovah’s guidance in prayer and really listening to my wife’s input , it gets easier every day .
I feel that we are a real team ! ”
How does love serve as “ a perfect bond of union ” when problems develop in a marriage ?
A solid marriage is made up of two people who make allowances for each other’s imperfections .
They ‘ continue putting up with each other and forgiving each other freely . ’
Yes , both mates will make mistakes .
When that happens , however , there are opportunities to learn from these errors , to be forgiving , and to let love have full sway as “ a perfect bond of union . ”
Moreover , “ love is patient and kind . . . .
It does not keep account of the injury . ”
Misunderstandings should be cleared away as soon as possible .
A Christian couple , therefore , should try to settle any issue between them before the day ends .
Sincerely saying “ I am sorry for hurting you ” takes humility and courage , but it goes a long way in solving problems and drawing marriage partners closer together .
7 , 8 . ( a ) What advice does the Bible give regarding sexual relations in marriage ?
( b ) Why do marriage mates need to show tenderness ?
The Bible gives sound counsel that can help a couple to have a balanced view of the marital due .
( Read 1 Corinthians 7 : 3 - 5 . )
Loving consideration of the mate’s feelings and needs is essential .
If a wife is not treated tenderly , she may find it difficult to enjoy this aspect of marriage .
Husbands are told to deal with their wives “ according to knowledge . ”
Sexual relations should never be forced or demanded but should come naturally .
The man can often respond more quickly than the woman , but emotionally the time should be right for both mates .
Although the Bible does not provide specific rules about the kinds and limits of love play that might be associated with natural sexual intimacy , it mentions displays of affection .
Christian marriage partners should treat each other with tenderness .
Why is sexual interest in anyone who is not one’s own marriage mate unacceptable ?
Strong love for God and neighbor will not allow anyone or anything to interfere with the marriage bond .
Some marriages have been strained or even ruined by a mate’s addiction to pornography .
Any tendency toward being attracted to this or toward sexual interests of any sort outside marriage should be firmly resisted .
Even giving the appearance of flirting with someone to whom one is not married is unloving and should be avoided .
Remembering that God is aware of all our thoughts and actions will reinforce our desire to please him and to remain chaste . ​ — Read Matthew 5 : 27 , 28 ; Hebrews 4 : 13 .
10 , 11 . ( a ) How common is divorce ?
( b ) What does the Bible say about separation ?
( c ) What will help a marriage mate not to separate quickly ?
Serious problems that persist in marriage may lead one mate or both mates to consider separation or divorce .
In some lands , more than half of all marriages end in divorce .
This trend is not as common in the Christian congregation , but increasing marital problems among God’s people are a cause for concern .
The Bible gives these instructions : “ A wife should not separate from her husband . But if she does separate , let her remain unmarried or else be reconciled with her husband ; and a husband should not leave his wife . ”
Separating from one’s marriage partner should not be viewed lightly .
Though separation may seem to be the answer when serious difficulties arise , it often causes more problems .
After repeating what God had stated about a man leaving his father and his mother and sticking to his wife , Jesus said : “ What God has yoked together , let no man put apart . ”
This also means that neither a husband nor a wife should ‘ put apart what God has yoked together . ’
Jehovah views marriage as a lifelong bond .
Bearing in mind that all of us will render an account to God should move marriage mates to make earnest efforts to resolve problems quickly so that these do not become more serious .
What may lead a marriage mate to consider separation ?
Unrealistic expectations may be at the root of a marital problem .
When dreams about a happy marriage do not come true , a person may feel dissatisfied , cheated , even bitter .
Differences in emotional nature and upbringing may become issues , or disagreements may arise regarding money , in - laws , and child - rearing .
However , it is commendable that the vast majority of Christian married couples find mutually acceptable solutions for all such problems because they let God guide them .
What are valid reasons for separation ?
Separation might at times be justified .
Willful nonsupport , extreme physical abuse , and the absolute endangerment of one’s spiritual life are exceptional situations that some have viewed as reasons for separation .
Christian marriage mates who have serious problems should seek help from the elders .
These experienced brothers can assist married couples to apply the counsel of God’s Word .
In resolving marital problems , we should also pray for Jehovah’s spirit and his help in applying Bible principles and displaying the fruitage of his spirit . ​ — Gal .
5 : 22 , 23 .
What does the Bible say to Christians married to mates who are not worshippers of Jehovah ?
In some cases , a Christian is married to one who is not yet a servant of Jehovah .
Under those circumstances , the Bible gives good reasons why they should remain together .
( Read 1 Corinthians 7 : 12 - 14 . )
Whether the unbelieving mate realizes it or not , he or she is “ sanctified ” because of being married to a believer .
Any children born to them are considered “ holy ” and thus have a standing with God .
Paul reasons : “ Wife , how do you know whether you will save your husband ?
Or , husband , how do you know whether you will save your wife ? ”
Nearly every congregation of Jehovah’s Witnesses has married couples in which the Christian has been instrumental in ‘ saving ’ his or her mate .
15 , 16 . ( a ) What counsel does the Bible give Christian wives whose husbands are not servants of God ?
( b ) What is the position of a Christian “ if the unbelieving one chooses to depart ” ?
The apostle Peter counsels Christian wives to be in subjection to their husbands , “ so that if any are not obedient to the word , they may be won without a word through the conduct of their wives , because of having been eyewitnesses of your chaste conduct together with deep respect . ”
By conduct reflecting “ the quiet and mild spirit , which is of great value in the eyes of God , ” a wife may do more to win her husband over to true worship than she would by being too forward in speaking about Christian beliefs . ​ — 1 Pet .
3 : 1 - 4 . What if an unbelieving marriage mate chooses to separate ?
The Bible says : “ If the unbelieving one chooses to depart , let him depart ; a brother or a sister is not bound under such circumstances , but God has called you to peace . ”

This does not mean that the Christian is now Scripturally free to remarry , but there is no obligation to try to force the unbelieving mate to remain .
Separation may bring a measure of peace .
And the Christian can hope that the departing mate will return with a willingness to work together in preserving the marriage and will eventually become a fellow believer .
Giving priority to spiritual matters can increase the happiness of your marriage ( See paragraph 17 )
What should be the first priority of Christian married couples ?
Because we are living deep in “ the last days , ” we are experiencing “ critical times hard to deal with . ”
Yet , keeping spiritually strong will do much to offset this world’s negative influences . “ The time left is reduced , ” wrote Paul .
“ From now on , let those who have wives be as though they had none , . . . and those making use of the world as those not using it to the full . ”
Paul was not telling married couples to neglect their marital duties .
In view of the reduced time , however , they needed to give priority to spiritual matters . ​ — Matt .
6 : 33 .
Why is it possible for Christians to have a happy and successful marriage ?
Although we are living in very trying times and marital relationships are failing all around us , it is possible for us to make marriage happy and successful .
Indeed , married Christians who stick with Jehovah’s people , apply Scriptural counsel , and accept the guidance of Jehovah’s holy spirit can preserve “ what God has yoked together . ” ​ — Mark 10 : 9 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 5 ) Names have been changed .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 13 ) See the book “ Keep Yourselves in God’s Love , ” appendix , “ The Bible’s View on Divorce and Separation . ”
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
What a pleasure it is to give a witness in the morning hours along the Danube River !
These happy publishers are sharing the Kingdom message with an appreciative listener at Vigadó Square in Budapest , Hungary
PUBLISHERS
PIONEERS
BIBLE STUDIES
This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
3 Life Story ​ — How I Found Happiness in Giving
8 Marriage ​ — Its Origin and Purpose
13 Making Christian Marriage a Success
The origin of marriage , how it was regulated under the Mosaic Law , and the pattern Jesus set for Christian wedlock are matters discussed in the first article .
The second article considers what the Scriptures say about the roles of husbands and wives .
18 Seek Something Much Better Than Gold
20 Do You See the Need to Make Spiritual Progress ?
25 Do You See the Need to Train Others ?
We rejoice in the advancement of the Kingdom - preaching work .
But do we see how this sets before us opportunities for increased service to God ?
How can we ourselves make spiritual progress and at the same time help our Bible students to do so ?
Why is there a need to train others ?
Such important matters are discussed in these articles .
30 Questions From Readers
31 From Our Archives
Have you ever found a gold nugget ?
Very few people have .
Yet , millions have discovered something much better .
It is divine wisdom , which “ cannot be bought with pure gold . ” ​ — Job 28 : 12 , 15 .
IN SOME ways , sincere Bible students are like prospectors looking for gold .
Such students need to work hard and keep on searching the Scriptures to find priceless wisdom .
In this regard , what can we learn by considering three ways in which gold is found ?
Imagine that you are walking near a riverbank and see what seems to be a tiny pebble reflecting the sunlight .
You stoop down and are delighted to find a gold nugget .
It is smaller than a match head and rarer than a high - quality diamond .
Of course , you look around to see if there are more nuggets to be found .
Similarly , on a memorable day some time ago , one of Jehovah’s servants may have called at your door to discuss the message of hope found in the Bible .
Perhaps you vividly recall the moment when you discovered your first spiritual gold nugget , so to speak . That may have happened when you first saw God’s name , Jehovah , in the Bible .
Or perhaps when you learned that you could become Jehovah’s friend .
You knew immediately that you had found something better than gold !
And you may have been eager to find more spiritual nuggets .
Tiny specks or flakes of gold sometimes accumulate in creeks and rivers .
This is called alluvial gold . In a single season , hardworking prospectors may find in such deposits several pounds of gold , worth tens of thousands of dollars .
When you began to study the Bible with one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , you may have felt like a prospector who pans a rich deposit of gold .
Meditating on one Bible verse after another likely added to your fund of knowledge , something that enriched you spiritually .
As you eagerly scooped up those precious Bible truths , you learned how you could draw close to Jehovah and keep yourself in his love with everlasting life in view . ​ — Jas .
4 : 8 ; Jude 20 , 21 .
Like a prospector who exerts himself to find gold , do you work hard to learn precious Bible truths ?
Just as a prospector seeks to find precious deposits of alluvial gold , you may have been very diligent in searching for valuable spiritual riches .
After learning the fundamental Bible truths , you were likely moved to take the steps that led to dedication and baptism . ​ — Matt .
28 : 19 , 20 .
A prospector may find tiny quantities of gold inside igneous rocks .
Some patches of such rocks contain concentrations of gold high enough to mine the ore and crush it to extract the gold .
At first glance , the gold may not be visible in the ore .
Why not ?
Because high - quality ore may contain only about 0.3 troy ounce ( 10 g ) of gold per ton of rock !
Nevertheless , to the prospector it is worth the effort to mine it .
Effort is also needed after a person has moved beyond “ the primary doctrine about the Christ . ”
You need to work hard to extract fresh points and practical lessons from your Bible study .
So , what can you do to make sure that your personal Bible study remains productive , even though you may have been studying the Scriptures for years ?
Remain eager to learn .
Pay close attention to details .
Continue putting forth effort , and you will find valuable Scriptural nuggets of divine wisdom and guidance .
To increase your knowledge of the Scriptures , make good use of the research tools available in your language .
Patiently look for the direction you need and for answers to your Bible questions .
Ask others what scriptures and articles they have found to be especially helpful and encouraging .
Share interesting points that you have discovered during your study of God’s Word .
Of course , your goal is not simply to increase factual knowledge .
The apostle Paul warned that “ knowledge puffs up . ”
Therefore , work hard to remain humble and strong in faith .
Regular family worship and personal Bible study will help you to live in harmony with Jehovah’s standards and will motivate you to help others .
Above all , you will rejoice because you have found something much better than gold . ​ — Prov . 3 : 13 , 14 .
“ Continue applying yourself to public reading , to exhortation , to teaching . ” ​ — 1 TIM .
4 : 13 .
SONGS : 45 , 70
What can you do to make spiritual progress ?
How can you progress spiritually without growing weary ?
What adjustments might make you more effective in the ministry ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How has Isaiah 60 : 22 come true in this time of the end ?
( b ) What needs now exist in the earthly part of Jehovah’s organization ?
“ THE little one will become a thousand and the small one a mighty nation . ”
Those prophetic words are undergoing fulfillment in these last days .
Why , during the 2015 service year , 8,220,105 Kingdom publishers have been active in the world field !
The last part of that prophecy should affect all Christians personally , for our heavenly Father says : “ I myself , Jehovah , will speed it up in its own time . ”
Like passengers in a vehicle gaining speed , we sense the increased momentum in the disciple - making work .
How are we personally reacting to that acceleration ?
Are we doing all we can as zealous Kingdom publishers ?
Many brothers and sisters are applying to serve as regular or auxiliary pioneers .
And do we not rejoice to see so many answer the call to serve where the need is greater or participate in other areas of theocratic activity ?
At the same time , we see increased demands for more workers .
Some 2,000 congregations are formed each year .
If 5 elders were to serve in each new congregation , 10,000 ministerial servants would need to qualify as overseers each year .
This means that it would be necessary for thousands of brothers to meet the qualifications needed in order to serve as ministerial servants .
In addition to this , whether we are brothers or sisters , we certainly have “ plenty to do in the work of the Lord . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 58 .
3 , 4 .
What does making spiritual progress mean to you ?
Read 1 Timothy 3 : 1 .
The Greek verb translated “ reaching out ” means stretching to grasp something , perhaps something beyond your normal reach .
In using that word , the apostle Paul stressed that spiritual progress requires effort .
Imagine a brother thinking about his future in the congregation .
He may not now be serving as a ministerial servant , but he realizes that he needs to cultivate spiritual qualities .
First , he strives to qualify as a ministerial servant .
In time , he hopes to be spiritually qualified to serve as an overseer .
In each case , he works hard to meet the qualifications needed to care for added responsibility in the congregation .
In like manner , brothers and sisters who desire to serve as pioneers , as Bethelites , or as Kingdom Hall construction volunteers do well to stretch forward to attain their goals .
Let us consider how God’s Word encourages all to make progress in true worship .
How can young people use their strength in Kingdom service ?
Young people have the strength needed to accomplish much in Jehovah’s service .
( Read Proverbs 20 : 29 . )
Some young brothers in Bethel service have a part in printing and binding Bibles and Bible literature .
Many young brothers and sisters share in the work of building and maintaining Kingdom Halls .
When natural disasters strike , young people join more experienced Witnesses in carrying through with relief efforts .
And many young pioneers help to take the good news to indigenous and foreign - language communities .
6 - 8 . ( a ) How did one young man change his view of God’s service , and with what result ?
( b ) How can we “ taste and see that Jehovah is good ” ?
Very likely , you appreciate the importance of wholehearted service to God .
But what if you feel the way a brother named Aaron once did ?
Although he grew up in a Christian family , he admitted , “ I found the meetings and field service boring . ”
He wanted to serve God with joy but wondered why he was not happy .
What did he do ?
Aaron pursued a spiritual routine that included Bible reading , preparing for meetings , and commenting at them .
He especially started praying regularly .
As his love for Jehovah increased , he began to make fine spiritual progress .
Since then , Aaron has enjoyed pioneering , working with others in connection with disaster relief , and preaching in a foreign land .
Aaron now serves at Bethel and is an elder .
How does he view the course he has taken ?
“ I have ‘ tasted and seen that Jehovah is good . ’
Because of his blessing , I feel indebted to him and am moved to do more in his service , and this results in more blessings . ”
The psalmist sang : “ Those seeking Jehovah will lack nothing good . ”
( Read Psalm 34 : 8 - 10 . )
Indeed , Jehovah never disappoints those who zealously serve him .
We personally “ taste and see that Jehovah is good ” as we do all we can in his service .
And when we give God whole - souled worship , we experience happiness that has no equal .
9 , 10 .
Why is it important for you to have “ a waiting attitude ” ?
As you work toward your goals , show “ a waiting attitude . ”
Jehovah always supports his faithful servants , even though he may allow them to wait for privileges or a favorable change of circumstances .
He promised Abraham a son , but the patriarch had to exercise faith and patience .
Although he waited years for Isaac’s birth , Abraham did not lose heart , and Jehovah did not disappoint him . ​ — Gen .
15 : 3 , 4 ; 21 : 5 .
Waiting is not easy .
If we were to brood over disappointments , we could become very discouraged .
Instead , it is wise to use our time to improve our spiritual qualifications .
Note three ways to do so .
What spiritual qualities can we work to develop , and why are they important ?
Develop spiritual qualities .
By reading God’s Word and meditating on it , we can develop wisdom , insight , good judgment , knowledge , thinking ability , and soundness of mind .
Such qualities are vital for those taking the lead in true worship .
And as we read our Bible - based publications , we can discern God’s thinking on many matters .
Daily , we face issues involving entertainment , dress and grooming , managing money , and getting along with others .
By applying what we learn from the Bible , we can make decisions that please Jehovah .
How can members of the congregation prove themselves trustworthy ?
Prove yourself trustworthy .
Whether we are brothers or sisters , we need to do our best to care for any theocratic assignment we receive .
As governor , Nehemiah had to fill positions of responsibility among God’s people .
Whom did he appoint ?
He used those who were God - fearing , trustworthy , and reliable .
Today as well , “ what is expected of stewards is that they be found faithful . ”
Fine works do not go unnoticed . ​ — Read 1 Timothy 5 : 25 .
How can you follow Joseph’s example if others treat you unfairly ?
Let Jehovah refine you .
What can you do if others treat you unfairly ?
Perhaps you can straighten out the matter quickly .
At times , though , by vigorously defending yourself , you make a problem worse .
Joseph’s brothers mistreated him , but he did not harbor resentment .
Later , Joseph was falsely accused and unjustly imprisoned .
However , he let Jehovah guide him through difficult times .
The result ?
“ The saying of Jehovah is what refined him . ”
When those tests ended , Joseph qualified for a special assignment .
As you deal with thorny problems , pray for wisdom , act and speak with mildness , and look to God for strength .
Jehovah will help you . ​ — Read 1 Peter 5 : 10 .
14 , 15 . ( a ) Why do we have to “ pay constant attention ” to the way we preach ?
( b ) How might you adjust to changing conditions ?
( See opening picture and the box “ Are You Willing to Try a Different Method ? ” )
Paul urged Timothy : “ Continue applying yourself to public reading , to exhortation , to teaching .
Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching . ”
Timothy was already an experienced Kingdom proclaimer .
Yet , his ministry would be effective only if he would “ pay constant attention ” to his teaching .
He could not take for granted that people would respond to his usual approach .
To continue reaching their hearts , he had to adapt his teaching methods to their needs .
As Kingdom proclaimers , we need to do the same .
We often find that people are not at home when we preach from door to door .
In some areas , we cannot enter certain apartment buildings and gated communities .
If that is true in your territory , why not consider different ways to preach the good news ?
How can public witnessing prove to be effective ?
Public witnessing is one excellent method of spreading the good news .
Many Witnesses are having a very effective and rewarding share in such work .
They set aside time to approach people at train and bus stations , in marketplaces and parks , and in other public areas .
Using good judgment , a Witness may start a conversation with someone by commenting on the news , complimenting the person’s children , or asking a question about his work .
As the conversation moves along , the publisher brings up a Scriptural point and elicits a response .
The person’s comments often lead to a further discussion of the Bible .
17 , 18 . ( a ) How might you become more confident in public witnessing ?
( b ) Why do you find David’s spirit in praising Jehovah valuable as you engage in the ministry ?
If you find public witnessing challenging , do not give up .
Eddie , a pioneer in New York City , was hesitant about conversing with people in public .
In time , however , he gained confidence .
What helped him ?
He says : “ During our family worship , my wife and I do research to find answers to objections and opinions people express .
We also ask other Witnesses for suggestions . ”
Now Eddie looks forward to public witnessing .
As you gain skill and confidence in preaching the good news , your spiritual advancement will be evident .
( Read 1 Timothy 4 : 15 . )
Moreover , you will undoubtedly laud our heavenly Father as did David , who sang : “ I will praise Jehovah at all times ; his praise will be on my lips constantly .
I will boast in Jehovah ; the meek will hear and rejoice . ”
And it may well be that as a result of your ministry , meek ones will joyfully join you in true worship .
Why should a loyal servant of Jehovah be happy even if he or she lives in restrictive circumstances ?
David also sang : “ All your works will glorify you , O Jehovah , and your loyal ones will praise you .
They will proclaim the glory of your kingship and speak about your mightiness , to make known to men your mighty acts and the glorious splendor of your kingship . ”
Those words surely express the sentiments of all loyal Witnesses of Jehovah .
But what if illness or advanced age somewhat limits your ministry ?
Always remember that as you share the good news with caregivers and others , your sacred service glorifies our wonderful God .
If you are imprisoned because of your faith , you likely speak about the truth as circumstances permit , and that makes Jehovah’s heart rejoice .
The same is true if you are in a religiously divided household but stick to your spiritual routine .
Even under adverse circumstances , you can praise Jehovah and make spiritual progress .
20 , 21 .
If you are entrusted with more work in Jehovah’s organization , how can you become a blessing to others ?
Jehovah will certainly bless you if you continue to make spiritual progress .
Perhaps by making a few changes in your schedule or lifestyle , you can have a greater role in sharing God’s precious truth with those who are in need of hope .
Moreover , your spiritual progress and course of self - sacrifice can result in priceless benefits to your fellow believers .
And because of your humble efforts in the congregation , you will be rewarded by receiving the affection , appreciation , and support of others who love Jehovah .
Whether we have enjoyed many years or just a few months in Jehovah’s service , all of us can make progress in his worship .
But how can mature Christians help newer ones to make spiritual advancement ?
We will discuss that subject in our next study .
VENECIA , a sister in Venezuela , said : “ I could never imagine myself witnessing by phone . ”
But she called an acquaintance and made a brief presentation .
The lady was eager to discuss the Bible , and Venecia began conducting a study with her .
The student eventually got baptized .
Now Venecia says : “ Phone witnessing works ! ”
In Liberia , Peter customarily took our literature to school .
Some classmates saw the tract Youths ​ — What Will You Do With Your Life ?
and requested copies .
Peter discussed the tract with them and asked : “ What will you do with your life ? ”
One young man said : “ I want to use my life to serve God . ”
Peter began a Bible study with him .
Because of health problems , a married couple in Poland began to witness by letter .
In his response , one man wrote : “ I am very grateful for your comforting words .
My wife died three years ago , and last year my son was killed in an accident . ”
In a delayed reply , a woman wrote : “ Your letter helped me to learn the truth .
After two years , I am writing back as your Christian sister . ”
“ I will give you good instruction . ” ​ — PROV .
4 : 2 .
SONGS : 93 , 96
Why should we build in Bible students a strong desire to study the Scriptures personally ?
How can we help new ones to converse with householders and others ?
Why should efforts be made to train prospective shepherds of God’s flock ?
1 , 2 .
Why must we train others to take up theocratic assignments ?
DECLARING the good news of the Kingdom was Jesus ’ primary assignment .
However , he took time to train others to be shepherds and teachers .
Although Philip was busy as an evangelizer , he no doubt helped his four daughters to become effective in sharing Scriptural truths with others .
How important is such training today ?
Worldwide , the number of people accepting the good news is growing .
New ones who are not yet baptized need to grasp the importance of personal Bible study .
They must also be taught to preach the good news to others and to teach them the truth .
In our congregations , brothers need to be encouraged to work hard in order to qualify for appointment as ministerial servants and elders .
By means of “ good instruction , ” mature Christians can help new ones to make spiritual progress . ​ — Prov . 4 : 2 .
3 , 4 . ( a ) How did Paul connect study of the Scriptures with a productive ministry ?
( b ) Before we encourage our students to study the Bible on their own , what must we be doing ?
How important is personal study of the Scriptures ?
We find the answer in the apostle Paul’s words to fellow Christians in Colossae .
He wrote : “ We have never stopped praying for you and asking that you may be filled with the accurate knowledge of [ God’s ] will in all wisdom and spiritual comprehension , so as to walk worthily of Jehovah in order to please him fully as you go on bearing fruit in every good work and increasing in the accurate knowledge of God . ”
With such accurate knowledge , the Colossian Christians would be able “ to walk worthily of Jehovah in order to please him fully . ”
This would enable them to continue “ bearing fruit in every good work , ” especially in the preaching of the good news .
To serve effectively , a worshipper of Jehovah must follow a routine of Bible study .
We do well to help Bible students grasp that fact .
Before helping others to benefit from personal Bible study , we ourselves must be convinced of its value .
In fact , we ourselves need to have good Bible study habits .
So you might ask yourself : ‘ When householders express opinions that are contrary to Scriptural teachings or they ask difficult questions , am I able to give answers that are based on the Bible ?
When I read about how Jesus , Paul , and others persevered in the ministry , do I meditate on how their perseverance ought to affect my service to Jehovah ? ’
All of us need knowledge and counsel from God’s Word .
And if we tell others how much we have benefited from our personal study of the Bible , we may encourage them to obtain such benefits by being diligent students of the Scriptures .
Give a suggestion on how to help new ones to have a routine of personal Bible study .
You may ask , ‘ How can I train my student to study the Bible regularly ? ’
A good start is by showing him how to prepare for the study you conduct with him .
You might suggest that he read portions of the appendix of the What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
book and look up cited scriptures .
Help him to prepare for the meetings with the goal of commenting .
Encourage him to read every issue of The Watchtower and Awake !
If the Watchtower Library or Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY is available in his language , you can show him how to use it to answer Bible questions .
As a result of such help , very likely your Bible student will soon be delighting in his personal study of God’s Word .
( a ) How can you help your student to cultivate love for the Bible in his heart ?
( b ) What is a Bible student likely to do if he develops heartfelt love for the Scriptures ?
Of course , we should not pressure anyone to read and study the Bible .
Rather , let us use the tools provided by Jehovah’s organization to help our student deepen his or her love for the Bible .
In time , the sincere student may well feel as did the psalmist who sang : “ Drawing near to God is good for me . I have made the Sovereign Lord Jehovah my refuge . ”
Jehovah’s spirit will act on such a conscientious and appreciative Bible student .
How did Jesus train proclaimers of the good news ?
( See opening picture . )
In Matthew chapter 10 , we find instructions that Jesus gave to his 12 apostles .
Rather than speak in generalities , he covered specific points .
The apostles listened as Jesus taught them how to preach effectively .
Then the group went into the field .
Having been able to observe Jesus ’ methods , they soon became capable teachers of Scriptural truth .
We can train our Bible students to become effective publishers of the good news .
Let us now consider two ways to help them .
8 , 9 . ( a ) How did Jesus approach individuals in his ministry ?
( b ) How can we help new publishers to converse with people as Jesus did ?
Converse with people .
Jesus often spoke to individuals about the Kingdom .
For instance , he carried on a lively and fruitful conversation with a woman at Jacob’s well near the city of Sychar .
He also spoke with Matthew Levi , a tax collector .
The Gospels record very little of that conversation , but Matthew accepted Jesus ’ invitation to be his follower .
Matthew and others heard Jesus speak at some length during a feast held in Matthew’s home . ​ — Matt .
9 : 9 ; Luke 5 : 27 - 39 .
On another occasion , Jesus spoke in a friendly way to Nathanael , who had a negative view of people from Nazareth .
However , Nathanael was moved to change his thinking .
He decided to learn more about what Jesus , a man from Nazareth , was teaching .
So we have good reason to train new publishers to converse with people in a friendly , relaxed manner .
Those whom we help in this way will likely be delighted to see how honesthearted people respond favorably to personal interest and kind words .
10 - 12 . ( a ) How did Jesus cultivate the interest others showed in the good news ?
( b ) How can we help new publishers to improve their skills as teachers of Bible truth ?
Cultivate interest .
Jesus had limited time to carry out his ministry .
Nevertheless , he took time to cultivate the interest people showed in the good news .
For instance , Jesus taught a crowd , using a boat as a platform .
On that occasion , he miraculously gave Peter a huge catch of fish and told him : “ From now on you will be catching men alive . ”
What result did Jesus ’ words and actions produce ?
Peter and his associates “ brought the boats back to land and abandoned everything and followed [ Jesus ] . ” ​ — Luke 5 : 1 - 11 .
Nicodemus , a member of the Sanhedrin , became interested in Jesus ’ teaching .
He wanted to learn more but was afraid of what others would say if he spoke with Jesus in public .
Jesus was flexible and generous with his time ; he met with Nicodemus at night ​ — away from the crowds .
What lesson can we learn from these accounts ?
God’s Son set aside time to build up the faith of individuals .
Should we not be diligent in making return visits and conducting Bible studies with interested ones ?
New publishers are very likely to improve their skills as teachers of Bible truth if we work with them in the field service .
We can help them to keep in mind those who show even slight interest .
We can invite new publishers to accompany us when we make return visits and conduct home Bible studies .
With such training and encouragement , less experienced publishers will surely want to cultivate the interest of others and conduct Bible studies on their own .
They will also learn not to give up quickly but to be patient and persevere in the ministry . ​ — Gal . 5 : 22 ; see the box “ Perseverance Is Essential . ”
13 , 14 . ( a ) What do you think of the Bible examples of those who made great sacrifices in behalf of others ?
( b ) In what practical ways can you train new publishers and young ones to show love for their brothers and sisters ?
Bible accounts highlight the privilege we have of showing “ brotherly affection ” and serving one another .
( Read 1 Peter 1 : 22 ; Luke 22 : 24 - 27 . )
The Son of God gave everything , including his life , in ministering to others .
Dorcas “ abounded in good deeds and gifts of mercy . ”
Mary , a sister in Rome , “ worked hard ” in behalf of those in the congregation .
How can we help new ones grasp the importance of helping their brothers and sisters ?
Train new ones to show their love for fellow believers ( See paragraphs 13 , 14 )
Mature Witnesses can invite new ones to come along when visiting the sick and the elderly .
If appropriate , parents can take their children on such visits .
Elders can work with others in making sure that our dear older ones have good food and that their homes are maintained . In these ways , younger ones and those newly associated learn to perform acts of kindness for others .
While preaching , one elder would briefly visit the Witnesses living in his rural territory to see how they were doing .
A young brother who often accompanied him thus learned that all in the congregation should feel loved . ​ — Rom .
12 : 10 .
Why is it important that elders take an interest in the progress of men in the congregation ?
Since Jehovah uses men as teachers in the congregation , it is important for brothers to develop speaking ability .
As an elder , could you listen as a ministerial servant practices a talk ?
With your help , he may be able to improve his skill as a teacher of God’s Word . ​ — Neh .
8 : 8 .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What interest did Paul take in the progress of Timothy ?
( b ) How can the elders effectively train future shepherds of the congregation ?
The need for shepherds in the Christian congregation is great , and those who will do such work in the future need ongoing training .
Paul provided a general outline of how training can be provided when he told Timothy : “ You , . . . my child , keep on acquiring power in the undeserved kindness that is in Christ Jesus ; and the things you heard from me that were supported by many witnesses , these things entrust to faithful men , who , in turn , will be adequately qualified to teach others . ” Timothy learned by serving alongside the apostle , an older man .
Then Timothy applied Paul’s methods in his own ministry and other aspects of sacred service . ​ — 2 Tim .
3 : 10 - 12 .
Paul did not leave Timothy’s training to chance .
He had the young man accompany him .
Elders can imitate Paul’s example by taking qualified ministerial servants along on shepherding calls when appropriate .
Elders thus give such brothers an opportunity to observe firsthand the teaching , faith , patience , and love required of Christian overseers .
This procedure contributes to the training of future shepherds of “ the flock of God . ” ​ — 1 Pet . 5 : 2 .
Why should training others in Jehovah’s service be important to us ?
Training others is vitally important because of increasing needs and opportunities to serve Jehovah .
The examples of training provided by Jesus and Paul remain valid .
Jehovah wants his modern - day servants to be well - trained for their theocratic assignments .
God gives us the privilege of helping less experienced ones develop their ability to do the work needed in the congregation .
As conditions deteriorate in the world and new opportunities to preach continue to arise , such training becomes both important and urgent .
Why should you be convinced that your diligent efforts to train others in Jehovah’s service will be successful ?
Of course , training people takes time and effort .
But Jehovah and his beloved Son will support us and give us wisdom to provide such training .
We will rejoice as we see those whom we assist go on ‘ working hard and exerting themselves . ’
And may we ourselves continue to make spiritual progress in rendering sacred service to Jehovah .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 7 ) Among the points Jesus covered were the following : ( 1 ) Preach the right message .
( 2 ) Be content with God’s provisions .
( 3 ) Avoid arguing with householders .
( 4 ) Trust in God when facing opposers .
( 5 ) Do not yield to fear .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 9 ) Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education , pp . 62 - 64 , has excellent suggestions on how to converse with people in the field ministry .
[ 3 ] ( paragraph 15 ) Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education , pp . 52 - 61 , explains the qualities needed for effective public speaking .
As they preach the Kingdom message , new publishers need to learn that perseverance is sometimes necessary .
A brother in Ghana placed literature with a young man who thereafter hid from him for weeks .

After repeated visits , the Witness finally contacted him , but the young person tried to end the conversation .
When the brother offered to show him how to study the Bible , he agreed .
From then on , he no longer hid from Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Some months later , the young man was baptized at an assembly .
Johannes Rauthe engaging in the field ministry , probably in the 1920 ’ s
FROM OUR ARCHIVES
“ ALL the wars of the past . . . pale into insignificance before the present great struggle progressing in Europe . ”
Thus The Watch Tower of September 1 , 1915 , described the first world war , which eventually engulfed about 30 countries .
Because of the hostilities , The Watch Tower reported : “ [ Kingdom ] service has been to some extent hindered , especially in Germany and France . ”
Confronted with a raging conflict of global proportions , the Bible Students did not completely understand the principle of Christian neutrality .
However , they were determined to declare the good news .
Wanting to do his part in Kingdom service , Wilhelm Hildebrandt ordered copies of The Bible Students Monthly in French .
He was not in France as a colporteur ( full - time preacher ) but , rather , as a German soldier .
This supposed enemy , dressed in a military uniform , gave a message of peace to astonished French passersby .
Letters printed in The Watch Tower indicate that a number of other German Bible Students felt compelled to share the good news of the Kingdom while in the military .
Brother Lemke , who served in the navy , reported finding interest among five of his own crewmates .
“ Even on board this ship , I am reaping fruit to Jehovah’s praise , ” he wrote .
Georg Kayser went to the battlefront as a soldier and returned home as a servant of the true God .
What happened ?
He somehow got a Bible Student publication , wholeheartedly embraced Kingdom truth , and laid down his weapons .
He then took up noncombatant work .
After the war , he served as a zealous pioneer for many years .
Although the Bible Students did not fully understand the issue of neutrality , their attitude and conduct stood in stark contrast with the views and actions of people who welcomed the war .
While politicians and church leaders in effect hoisted national banners , the Bible Students held to the “ Prince of Peace . ”
Though some did not maintain strict neutrality , they still held the fundamental conviction expressed by Bible Student Konrad Mörtter , “ I recognized clearly from God’s Word that a Christian should not kill . ” ​ — Ex .
20 : 13 .
*
Hans Hölterhoff used this handcart to advertise The Golden Age
In Germany , where the law made no provision for exemption because of conscientious objection , more than 20 Bible Students refused to have any involvement with the military .
Some of them were classed as mentally ill , such as Gustav Kujath , who was put in a mental institution and drugged .
Hans Hölterhoff , who also refused the draft , went to prison , where he rejected all war - related work .
Guards trussed him in a straitjacket until his limbs became numb .
When that failed to break his resolve , guards staged a mock execution .
However , Hans remained steadfast throughout the war .
Other brothers who were drafted refused to bear arms and requested noncombatant roles .
* Johannes Rauthe took such a stand and was sent to work on the railways .
Konrad Mörtter was assigned as a medical orderly , and Reinhold Weber worked as a nurse .
August Krafzig was grateful that his duties did not put him on the battlefront .
These Bible Students and others like them were determined to serve Jehovah based on their understanding of love and loyalty .
Because of their conduct during the war , the Bible Students came under official scrutiny .
During the following years , the Bible Students in Germany had to face thousands of court cases because of their preaching activity .
To assist them , the branch office in Germany formed a legal department at Bethel in Magdeburg .
Jehovah’s Witnesses progressively refined their understanding of the issue of Christian neutrality .
When the second world war broke out , they maintained a neutral stand by keeping completely separate from the military .
Hence , they were viewed as enemies of the German State and were bitterly persecuted .
But that is quite a different chapter for a future segment of the series “ From Our Archives . ” ​ — From our archives in Central Europe .
See an account of British Bible Students during World War I in the article “ From Our Archives ​ — They Stood Firm in an ‘ Hour of Test ’ ” in the May 15 , 2013 , issue of The Watchtower .
This course of action was suggested in Volume VI of the Millennial Dawn series ( 1904 ) and also in the German edition of Zion’s Watch Tower of August 1906 .
The Watch Tower of September 1915 refined our viewpoint and suggested that Bible Students avoid joining the military .
However , this article did not appear in the German edition .
This was just one of many issues in which Jesus ’ enemies found fault with him and his disciples .
The Mosaic Law included a number of commands on ceremonial purity regarding such matters as bodily discharges , leprosy , and dealing with human and animal corpses .
It also gave instructions on how impurities could be removed .
This could be done by sacrifice , washing , or sprinkling . ​ — Lev . , chaps . 11 - 15 ; Num . , chap . 19 .
The Jewish rabbis expounded on every detail of these laws .
One source says that each cause for impurity would be subjected “ to questioning concerning the circumstances in which it may be contracted , how and to what extent it may be transmitted to others , the utensils and objects capable and incapable of becoming unclean , and finally , the means and rituals required for purification . ”
Jesus ’ opponents asked him : “ Why do your disciples not observe the tradition of the men of former times , but they eat their meal with defiled hands ? ”
Those religious enemies were not referring to the taking of sanitary measures .
As a ritual , the rabbis required that water be poured over their hands prior to eating .
The above - quoted source adds : “ It is also debated which vessels are to be used for the pouring , which kind of water is suitable , who should pour , and how much of the hands should be covered with water . ”
Jesus ’ reaction to all these man - made laws was simple .
He told the first - century Jewish religious leaders : “ Isaiah aptly prophesied about you hypocrites , as it is written , ‘ This people honor me with their lips , but their hearts are far removed from me [ Jehovah ] .
It is in vain that they keep worshipping me , for they teach commands of men as doctrines . ’
You let go of the commandment of God and cling to the tradition of men . ” ​ — Mark 7 : 6 - 8 .

3 “ Do Not Let Your Hands Drop Down ”
8 Keep Contending for Jehovah’s Blessing
Pressures and anxieties can weigh on our mind and cause our hands to drop down figuratively .
Consider how Jehovah’s mighty hand can give us the strength and courage to endure .
And see what you can do to “ wrestle , ” or contend , for Jehovah’s blessing .
13 Questions From Readers
14 Defending the Good News Before High Officials
17 Does Your Style of Dress Glorify God ?
God’s servants around the globe want their dress and grooming to be neat , clean , and locally acceptable , thus conforming to Scriptural principles .
How can you make sure that your manner of dress will bring glory to God ?
22 Benefit From Jehovah’s Guidance Today
23 Young Ones , Strengthen Your Faith
28 Parents , Help Your Children Build Faith
In these two articles , we will see how young ones can learn to use their thinking ability to strengthen their faith and to defend it .
We will also see how Christian parents can make it more interesting for their children to develop faith in God and in his Word .
“ Do not let your hands drop down . ” ​ — ZEPH .
3 : 16 .
SONGS : 81 , 32
How did Jehovah strengthen the hands of Moses , Asa , and Nehemiah ?
How does Jehovah strengthen our hands today ?
In what practical ways can we strengthen the hands of our brothers and sisters ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What kinds of problems do many face today , and with what result ?
( b ) What sure hope is held out at Isaiah 41 : 10 , 13 ?
A SISTER who is a regular pioneer and is married to an elder , says : “ Despite maintaining a good spiritual routine , I have struggled with anxiety for many years .
It robs me of sleep , impacts my health , affects the way I treat others , and sometimes makes me want to give up and crawl into a hole . ”
Can you understand that sister’s feelings ?
Sadly , life in Satan’s wicked world creates a tremendous amount of pressure , which can cause anxiety and thus make a person feel weighed down .
That can be like an anchor attached to a boat , not allowing the boat to move forward .
What could cause you to feel that way ?
Well , maybe you are trying to cope with the death of a loved one , deal with a serious illness , provide for your family in these hard economic times , or you may be facing opposition .
The resulting emotional stress might in time drain your strength .
It could even cause you to lose your joy .
But you can be assured that God is ready to give you a helping hand . ​ — Read Isaiah 41 : 10 , 13 .
3 , 4 . ( a ) How does the Bible use the word “ hands ” ?
( b ) What might cause our hands to drop down ?
The Bible often uses parts of the human body to illustrate different characteristics or actions .
The hand , for example , is mentioned hundreds of times .
To strengthen one’s hands can have the sense of being encouraged , fortified , and empowered for action .
It can imply having a positive and hopeful view of the future .
To let the figurative hands drop down has at times been used to describe someone who is discouraged , disheartened , or without hope .
It is common for a person in that situation to give up .
If you face circumstances that bring you stress or make you feel weighed down physically , emotionally , or even spiritually , where can you receive the needed courage ?
How can you be motivated and strengthened to endure and have joy ?
( a ) When problems arise , what might we do , but of what should we remind ourselves ?
( b ) What will we discuss ?
Read Zephaniah 3 : 16 , 17 .
Rather than give in to fear and discouragement , which is like letting our hands drop down , we are invited by our caring Father , Jehovah , to ‘ throw all our anxiety on him . ’
We can take to heart what God told the Israelites , that his mighty ‘ hand is not too short to save ’ his loyal servants .
We will discuss three outstanding Bible examples that show Jehovah’s desire and ability to strengthen his people to do his will despite seemingly overwhelming difficulties .
See how these examples can build you up .
6 , 7 .
What vital lessons can we learn from Israel’s victory over the Amalekites ?
Soon after the Israelites were miraculously released from slavery in Egypt , the Amalekites attacked them .
Following Moses ’ direction , courageous Joshua led the Israelites into battle .
In the meantime , Moses took Aaron and Hur to a nearby hillside from which they could see the battlefield .
Were those three men running from the battle out of fear ?
Absolutely not !
Moses put into action a plan that proved to be the key to their success .
Moses kept his hands and the rod of the true God lifted up toward heaven .
As long as Moses did that , Jehovah empowered the hands of the Israelites to fight successfully against the Amalekites .
However , when Moses ’ hands became heavy and began to drop down , the Amalekites started to win .
Acting with decisiveness , Aaron and Hur “ took a stone and put it under [ Moses ] , and he sat on it . Then Aaron and Hur , one on each side , supported his hands , so that his hands remained steady until the sun set . ”
Yes , God’s mighty hand enabled the Israelites to win the battle . ​ — Ex .
17 : 8 - 13 .
( a ) How did Asa respond when the Ethiopians were threatening Judah ?
( b ) How can we imitate the way Asa depended on God ?
Jehovah also proved that his hand was not too short in King Asa’s day .
Many battles are mentioned in the Bible .
But the largest army assembled was that of Zerah the Ethiopian .
He had 1,000,000 experienced soldiers .
The Ethiopians outnumbered Asa’s army nearly 2 to 1 .
You can imagine how easy it would have been for Asa to become anxious and fearful and to let his hands drop down in defeat .
Instead , Asa immediately turned to Jehovah for help .
From a military point of view , it would seem impossible to overcome the Ethiopians , yet “ with God all things are possible . ”
God displayed his great power and “ defeated the Ethiopians before Asa , ” whose “ heart was complete with Jehovah all his life . ” ​ — 2 Chron . 14 : 8 - 13 ; 1 Ki .
15 : 14 . ( a ) What did not prevent Nehemiah from rebuilding the walls of Jerusalem ?
( b ) How did God respond to Nehemiah’s prayer ?
Imagine how Nehemiah must have felt when he went to Jerusalem .
The city was almost defenseless , and his fellow Jews were very discouraged .
The threats from foreign opposers caused the Jews to slacken their hands , to cease rebuilding Jerusalem’s walls .
Did Nehemiah allow that situation to cause him to drop his hands in discouragement too ?
No !
Like Moses , Asa , and other faithful servants of Jehovah , Nehemiah had already developed a pattern of relying on Jehovah in prayer .
And this time was no different .
In the face of what to the Jews might have seemed overwhelming obstacles , Jehovah responded to Nehemiah’s sincere plea for help .
God used his “ great power ” and “ mighty hand ” to strengthen the Jews ’ drooping hands .
( Read Nehemiah 1 : 10 ; 2 : 17 - 20 ; 6 : 9 . )
Do you believe that Jehovah uses his “ great power ” and “ mighty hand ” to strengthen his servants today ?
10 , 11 . ( a ) How does Satan try to cause us to let our hands drop down ?
( b ) What does Jehovah use to strengthen us and give us power ?
( c ) How have you benefited from theocratic education and training ?
We can be sure that the Devil will never let his hands drop down in his efforts to stop our Christian activities .
He uses lies and threats from governments , religious leaders , and apostates .
What is his goal ?
It is to cause our hands to slacken in the work of preaching the Kingdom good news .
However , Jehovah is able and willing to give us strength by means of his holy spirit .
It is vital that we draw on that spirit so that we can face any challenge that Satan and his wicked system thrust upon us .
Also , we can be grateful that we have God’s Word , which is a product of holy spirit .
Think , too , about the spiritual food based on the Bible that we receive each month .
The words of Zechariah 8 : 9 , 13 ( read ) were spoken while the temple in Jerusalem was being rebuilt , and those words are very fitting for us .
We are also made stronger by divine education at our Christian meetings , assemblies , conventions , and in our theocratic schools .
That training can help us to have the proper motivation , to set spiritual goals , and to fulfill our many Christian responsibilities .
Do you eagerly seek to gain strength from that type of education ?
What must we do to stay spiritually strong ?
Jehovah helped the Israelites to defeat the Amalekites and the Ethiopians , and he gave Nehemiah and his associates the power to complete the rebuilding work .
God will similarly give us strength to stand firm against opposition , apathy , and anxiety so that we can carry out our preaching work .
We do not expect Jehovah to perform miracles for us .
Rather , we should do our part .
That includes our reading God’s Word daily , preparing for and attending the meetings weekly , feeding our mind and heart through personal study and family worship , and always relying on Jehovah in prayer .
Let us never allow other pursuits and activities to interfere with the means that Jehovah uses to strengthen and encourage us .
If you sense that your hands have dropped down in any of these areas , ask for God’s help .
Then see how his spirit “ energizes you , giving you both the desire and the power to act . ”
What , though , can you do to strengthen the hands of others ?
13 , 14 . ( a ) How was one brother strengthened after his wife died ?
( b ) In what ways can we strengthen others ?
Jehovah gives us a worldwide brotherhood of caring worshippers who can offer us encouragement .
Recall that the apostle Paul wrote : “ Strengthen the hands that hang down and the feeble knees , and keep making straight paths for your feet . ”
Many in the first century received that sort of spiritual strengthening .
It is similar today .
After one brother lost his wife in death and he faced other painful circumstances , he said : “ I learned that we cannot choose our tests , neither their time nor their frequency .
Prayer and personal study have been like a life jacket that has kept my head above water .
And the support of my spiritual brothers and sisters has brought me much comfort .
I have come to realize the importance of developing a good personal relationship with Jehovah before difficult situations arise . ”
Each one in the congregation can be a source of encouragement to others ( See paragraph 14 )
Aaron and Hur literally supported Moses ’ hands during a battle .
As for us , we can look for ways to support and to give practical aid to others .
To whom ?
To those battling the effects of old age , health limitations , opposition from their family , loneliness , or the loss of a loved one .
We can also strengthen young ones who are facing pressure to share in wrongdoing or to seek “ success ” in this system of things , whether academically , financially , or professionally .
Look for ways to show genuine interest in others at the Kingdom Hall , in the ministry , while enjoying a meal together , or as you converse on the telephone .
What effect can positive words have on fellow Christians ?
Following Asa’s stunning victory , the prophet Azariah encouraged him and his people with the words : “ But you , be strong and do not let your hands drop , for your activity will be rewarded . ”
This moved Asa to make many changes so as to restore pure worship .
In a similar way , your positive words can deeply affect others .
You can thus help them to serve Jehovah more fully .
And at the meetings , never overlook the powerful effect you can have on others by raising your hand and offering upbuilding comments .
Like Nehemiah , how can elders strengthen the hands of those in the congregation ?
Give examples of how fellow believers have helped you personally .
With Jehovah’s backing , Nehemiah and those with him strengthened their hands for the work .
They then completed Jerusalem’s walls in just 52 days !
Nehemiah did not simply oversee the work .
He was personally involved in rebuilding Jerusalem’s walls .
Similarly , many loving elders have been able to imitate Nehemiah by assisting on theocratic construction projects or by cleaning and maintaining their local Kingdom Hall .
By working along with fellow publishers in the ministry and by making shepherding visits , they also strengthen the weak hands of those who are anxious at heart . ​ — Read Isaiah 35 : 3 , 4 .
17 , 18 .
When we face problems or are anxious , we can be sure of what ?
Serving shoulder to shoulder with our brothers and sisters promotes unity .
It also builds lasting friendships and increases mutual confidence in the coming blessings under God’s Kingdom .
As we strengthen the hands of others , we help them to battle discouraging circumstances and to maintain a positive and hopeful view of the future .
Moreover , doing that for others helps us to keep our spiritual focus and to feel the reality of what God has in store for us .
Yes , it strengthens our hands too .
Seeing how Jehovah on different occasions supported and protected his faithful servants in the past should build our faith and trust in him today .
So when you face pressures and problems , “ do not let your hands drop down ” !
Instead , reach out to Jehovah in prayer , and allow his mighty hand to strengthen you and lead you to Kingdom blessings . ​ — Ps . 73 : 23 , 24 .
“ You have contended with God and with men and you have at last prevailed . ” ​ — GEN .
32 : 28 .
SONGS : 60 , 38
Jacob and Rachel ?
Joseph ?
Paul ?
1 , 2 .
What challenges must servants of Jehovah confront ?
FROM the first faithful human , Abel , down to our day , loyal worshippers have struggled .
The apostle Paul wrote to Hebrew Christians that they “ endured a great struggle along with sufferings , ” as they sought Jehovah’s approval and blessing .
Paul compared the struggles of Christians to the exertion of athletes contending in Greek contests , such as footracing , wrestling , and boxing .
Today , we are in the race for life , and we face opponents who want to distract us , trip us up , beat us down , and snatch away our joy and future rewards .
First , we have an intense struggle ( or , “ wrestling , ” ftn . ) against Satan and his wicked world .
It is vital that we resist being affected by the world’s “ strongly entrenched things . ”
These include its doctrines , philosophies , and harmful practices , such as committing immorality , using tobacco , and abusing alcohol and drugs .
And we must constantly fight against our fleshly weaknesses and discouragement . ​ — 2 Cor .
10 : 3 - 6 ; Col .
3 : 5 - 9 .
How does God train us to fight our enemies ?
Is it really possible to defeat such powerful opponents ?
Yes , but not without a struggle .
Drawing on the example of a boxer of ancient times , Paul said of himself : “ The way I am aiming my blows is so as not to be striking the air . ”
Just as a boxer fights off his opponent , we must fend off our enemies .
Jehovah trains us and helps us in our fight .
He provides lifesaving instructions in his Word .
He also helps us through our Bible - based publications , Christian meetings , assemblies , and conventions .
Are you putting into practice what you are learning ?
If you failed to do so , it would be like “ striking the air , ” not fully opposing your enemy .
How do we avoid being conquered by the evil ?
Our enemies may attack us when we least expect it and kick us when we are at our lowest point , so we must ever remain alert .
The Bible warns us : “ Do not let yourself be conquered by the evil , but keep conquering the evil with the good . ”
The encouragement not to let ourselves “ be conquered by the evil ” shows that we can defeat evil .
We can do so if we keep on fighting against it .
In contrast , we could be overcome by Satan , his evil world , and our imperfect flesh if we let our guard down and quit fighting .
Never allow Satan to intimidate you into dropping your hands in defeat ! ​ — 1 Pet .
5 : 9 . ( a ) What can help us to continue in our struggle to gain God’s blessing ?
( b ) Which Bible characters will we consider ?
To be successful , those who are contending must not lose sight of their reason for struggling .
To gain God’s approval and blessing , they should keep focused on the assurance that we read at Hebrews 11 : 6 : “ Whoever approaches God must believe that he is and that he becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him . ”
The Greek verb translated “ earnestly seeking ” is a form that implies intensity and concerted effort .
The Scriptures provide us with fine examples of men and women who put forth concerted effort to seek Jehovah’s blessing .
Jacob , Rachel , Joseph , and Paul faced circumstances that were emotionally and physically draining , yet they proved that perseverance leads to rich blessings .
How can we imitate these four outstanding contenders ?
What helped Jacob to persevere , and how was he rewarded ?
( See opening picture . )
The patriarch Jacob struggled and persevered because he loved Jehovah , appreciated spiritual things , and had complete faith in Jehovah’s promise to bless his offspring .
This explains why Jacob when nearly 100 years old did everything in his power to obtain God’s blessing ; he even wrestled with a materialized angel .
( Read Genesis 32 : 24 - 28 . )
Did Jacob of himself have the strength and endurance needed to contend with a powerful angel ?
Of course not !
But he was a very determined contender , and he proved that he would not turn aside from the challenge !
And he was , indeed , rewarded for his perseverance .
He received the fitting name Israel , ( meaning “ Contender [ Perseverer ] With God ” or “ God Contends ” ) .
Jacob gained the rich reward that we too are seeking ​ — Jehovah’s approval and blessing .
( a ) What distressing situation did Rachel face ?
( b ) How did she keep contending and eventually get blessed ?
Jacob’s beloved wife , Rachel , was just as eager to see how Jehovah would fulfill his promise to her husband .
But there was what seemed to be a hurdle that could not be overcome .
She had no children .
In her day , that situation was viewed as a great affliction .
How did Rachel find the emotional and physical strength to continue battling against circumstances that were discouraging but completely beyond her control ?
She never gave up hope .
Rather , she kept contending by praying with more intensity .
Jehovah heard Rachel’s heartfelt supplications , and she was eventually blessed with children .
Understandably , Rachel at one point cried out in triumph : “ With strenuous wrestlings I have wrestled . . . I have also come off the winner ! ” ​ — Gen .
30 : 8 , 20 - 24 .
Joseph experienced what long and difficult challenge , and how did his response set a good example for us ?
The steadfast example set by Jacob and Rachel no doubt had a powerful effect on their son Joseph , influencing how he would handle tests of his own faith .
When Joseph was 17 years old , his life was turned completely upside down .
Out of jealousy , his brothers sold him into slavery .
He later had to endure years of unjust imprisonment in Egypt .
Joseph did not give in to discouragement ; nor was he so filled with resentment that he sought revenge .
Instead , he focused his mind and heart on his blessed relationship with Jehovah .
Joseph’s example should help us .
For example , even if we had a difficult childhood or if our present circumstances seem hopeless , we need to keep contending and persevering .
We can trust that if we do so , Jehovah will bless us . ​ — Read Genesis 39 : 21 - 23 .
In imitating Jacob , Rachel , and Joseph , we should put forth what effort to receive Jehovah’s blessing ?
Think of a situation that you are facing and that may be a trial for you .
Perhaps it is some type of injustice , prejudice , or ridicule .
Or the trial you face may be that someone falsely accuses you , perhaps out of jealousy .
Rather than drop your hands in defeat , remember what enabled Jacob , Rachel , and Joseph to continue serving Jehovah with joy .
God strengthened and blessed them because they kept on showing deep appreciation for spiritual things .
They kept on contending and acting in harmony with their earnest prayers .
We are living close to the end of the present wicked system of things ; thus , we have strong reason to hold on to the firm hope set before us !
Are you willing to exert yourself to gain Jehovah’s favor and , as it were , wrestle for it ?
10 , 11 . ( a ) How might we have to wrestle for God’s blessing ?
( b ) What will enable us to make the right choices and win our fight against discouragement and distractions ?
What are some circumstances that might call upon us to wrestle for God’s blessing ?
One circumstance that many have faced is the struggle to overcome a fleshly weakness .
Others have had to put forth determined effort to maintain a positive view of the ministry .
Or in your case , it may be the need to keep enduring , even though you have poor health or are lonely .
We should also not overlook the struggle some have to forgive someone who has offended them or has sinned against them .
No matter how long we have been serving Jehovah , all of us must fight against things that might hinder our service to God , who rewards the faithful .
Are you wrestling for God’s blessing ?
( See paragraphs 10 , 11 )
Frankly , it can be a real struggle to make the right choices and to follow the Christian course .
That is especially so if our treacherous heart tugs us in the opposite direction .
If you realize that you have to some extent been affected in a negative way , by all means pray for holy spirit .
Prayer and holy spirit can give you energy to pursue the course that you know to be right and that Jehovah can bless .
Act on your prayers .
Try to read a portion of the Bible each day , and make time for personal study as well as regular Family Worship sessions . ​ — Read Psalm 119 : 32 .
12 , 13 .
How were two Christians helped to control wrong desires ?
There are many examples of how God’s Word , his spirit , and our Christian publications have helped Christians to overcome wrong desires .
One teenager read the article “ How Can You Resist Wrong Desires ? ”
published in the Awake !
of December 8 , 2003 . What was his reaction ? “ I am fighting to control improper thoughts .
When I read in the article that ‘ for many , the battle to overcome wrong desires is especially intense , ’ it made me feel part of the brotherhood .
I felt that I was not alone . ”
This young person also benefited from the article “ Alternative Life - Styles ​ — Does God Approve ? ”
which appeared in the issue of October 8 , 2003 .
He noted that it mentioned that for some the battle is “ a thorn in the flesh . ”
While they continue battling to maintain righteous conduct , they can look to the future with optimism .
“ For that reason , ” he said , “ I think that as each day passes , I can remain faithful .
I am very grateful to Jehovah for using his organization to help us survive each day in this wicked system . ”
Consider also the experience of a sister in the United States .
She writes : “ I want to thank you for always feeding us with just what we need and at the right time .
I often feel that these articles are written just for me .
For years , I have been battling a strong desire for something Jehovah hates .
At times , I want to throw my hands up and stop fighting . I know that Jehovah is merciful and forgiving , but because I have this wrong desire and deep down I don’t hate it , I feel that I am unable to receive his help .
This ongoing battle has affected every aspect of my life . . . .
After reading the article ‘ Do You Have “ a Heart to Know ” Jehovah ? ’
in The Watchtower of March 15 , 2013 , I really felt that Jehovah does want to help me . ”
( a ) How did Paul feel about his struggles ?
( b ) How can we successfully battle against fleshly weaknesses ?
Read Romans 7 : 21 - 25 .
Paul knew firsthand how difficult it can be to struggle against the desires and weaknesses of the imperfect flesh .
However , he had full confidence that he could win his internal battle by prayerfully relying on Jehovah and exercising faith in Jesus ’ ransom sacrifice .
What about us ?
As we struggle against giving in to our own fleshly weaknesses , we can succeed .
How ?
By imitating Paul , by fully relying on Jehovah and not on our own strength , and by having faith in the ransom .
Why can prayer help us to keep faithful and to endure trials ?
There are times when God may allow us to demonstrate the depth of our concern about a matter .
For instance , what if we ( or a family member ) were stricken by a serious illness or we were faced with some injustice ?
We would show our full trust in Jehovah by supplicating him in prayer to give us the strength to keep faithful and not lose our joy and spiritual balance .
The experience of many , both in Paul’s day and in ours , proves that prayer can help us to renew our power and build up confidence to continue enduring .
16 , 17 .
What is your resolve as a contender ?
The Devil would really like to see you give up and drop your hands in defeat .
Be determined to “ hold fast to what is fine . ”
Be assured that you can win the fight against Satan , his wicked world , and any sinful leanings .
You can do so by completely trusting in God’s ability to strengthen you . ​ — 2 Cor .
4 : 7 - 9 ; Gal .
6 : 9 .
By all means , keep fighting . Keep struggling .
Keep contending .
Keep persevering .
Have full confidence that Jehovah will “ pour out on you a blessing until there is nothing lacking . ” ​ — Mal .
3 : 10 .
“ Do all things for God’s glory . ” ​ — 1 COR .
10 : 31 .
SONGS : 34 , 61
How does the Mosaic Law help us when we have to make decisions about dress and grooming ?
How do 1 Corinthians 10 : 31 and Philippians 2 : 4 have a bearing on what we wear ?
Why is modesty a key to making good decisions about dress and grooming ?
1 , 2 .
Why do Jehovah’s Witnesses maintain high standards of dress ?
( See opening picture . )
“ YOU saw a lot of casual clothing , especially when it was hot , ” reported a Dutch newspaper regarding a meeting of church leaders .
“ That is not the case at the convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses . . . .
Boys and men wear a jacket and tie , while the girls ’ and women’s skirt length is . . . in good taste , yet modern . ”
Indeed , Jehovah’s Witnesses are often commended for adorning “ themselves in respectable dress , with modesty and good judgment . . . in the way that is proper for [ those ] professing devotion to God . ”
The apostle Paul was speaking about women , but the same basic standard applies to Christian men .
Appropriate standards of dress are important to us as Jehovah’s people , and they are important to the God we worship .
What the Scriptures say about dress and grooming leaves no doubt that the Sovereign of the universe has wholesome standards of attire for his true worshippers .
Therefore , our choice of dress and grooming should not be determined only by what is pleasing to us .
It should also take into account what is pleasing to the Sovereign Lord Jehovah .
What can we learn about clothing from God’s Law to the Israelites ?
For example , in God’s Law to the Israelites there were rules that protected them against the openly immoral way of life of the nations around them .
The Law showed Jehovah’s strong feelings against clothing that does not make clear the distinction between male and female ​ — what has been described in our day as unisex fashion .
( Read Deuteronomy 22 : 5 . )
From God’s stated direction about clothing , we clearly see that God is not pleased with styles of dress that feminize men , that make women look like men , or that make it hard to see the difference between men and women .
What can help Christians to make good decisions about how to dress ?
God’s Word contains principles that help Christians make good decisions about how to dress . That is so no matter where they live , what their culture is , or what the climate is .
We do not need detailed lists saying which styles of dress are acceptable and which are objectionable .
Rather , we are guided by Scriptural principles that allow room for personal preferences .
Let us consider some Bible principles that can help us determine “ the good and acceptable and perfect will of God ” when we are deciding what to wear . ​ — Rom . 12 : 1 , 2 .
5 , 6 .
What effect should our dress have on others ?
The apostle Paul was inspired to emphasize the important principle found at 2 Corinthians 6 : 4 .
( Read . )
Our personal appearance says much about us .
Many people form impressions and opinions of us by “ what appears to the eyes . ”
As God’s ministers , therefore , we understand that our getting dressed is not just a matter of putting on something comfortable that we like .
The principles that we glean from God’s Word should move us to avoid wearing clothing that is tight - fitting , revealing , or sexually provocative .
That would rule out wearing clothing that exposes or accentuates private parts of our anatomy .
Nobody should feel uncomfortable or forced to look the other way when seeing how we are dressed .
When we are neat , clean , modestly dressed , and well - groomed , people are more likely to respect us as ministers of the Sovereign Lord Jehovah .
And they may be attracted to the God we worship .
Furthermore , our appropriate attire will reflect well on the organization we represent .
As a result , others may be more likely to pay attention to our lifesaving message .
7 , 8 .
When especially do we need to wear appropriate clothing ?
We owe it to our holy God , to our spiritual brothers and sisters , as well as to the people in our territory to wear clothing that dignifies the message we bear and that brings glory to Jehovah .
This is especially so when we are engaging in Christian activities , such as when we attend meetings or when we share in the preaching work .

We should dress “ in the way that is proper for [ people ] professing devotion to God . ”
Of course , some clothing that is appropriate in one place may not be appropriate in another .
Hence , Jehovah’s people throughout the world take local customs into account so as not to cause offense .
Will your style of dress generate respect for the God you represent ?
( See paragraphs 7 , 8 )
Read 1 Corinthians 10 : 31 .
When we attend assemblies and conventions , our dress needs to be appropriate and modest rather than reflect the extreme styles that may be common in the world .
Even as we check in and out of a hotel , as well as when we enjoy leisure time before and after convention sessions , we want to avoid an appearance that is overly casual or slovenly .
Thus we will be proud to identify ourselves as Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Yes , and we will feel free to give a witness as we have an opportunity .
9 , 10 .
Why should Philippians 2 : 4 have a bearing on what we wear ?
Read Philippians 2 : 4 .
Why do Christians need to consider how their attire affects fellow worshippers ?
One reason is that God’s people work hard to apply the Bible’s admonition : “ Deaden , therefore , your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality , uncleanness , uncontrolled sexual passion . ”
We would not want to make it difficult for fellow believers to heed that counsel .
Brothers and sisters who have given up a sexually loose lifestyle may still be fighting sinful leanings .
We would not want to make their fight harder , would we ?
When we are around our spiritual brothers and sisters , our manner of dress should help to make the congregation a haven of moral chastity .
That is so whether we are together at a meeting or in an informal setting .
We have the freedom to choose what to wear .
Still , all of us have a responsibility to wear clothes that make it easier for others to remain chaste and to maintain God’s standards of holiness in thought , word , and conduct .
True love “ does not behave indecently , does not look for its own interests . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
13 : 4 , 5 .
11 , 12 .
What is a reasonable consideration as we think about what to wear ?
When making decisions about what to wear , God’s servants take into account that “ there is a time for every activity and every action . ”
It is understandable that different climates and the change of seasons influence what we wear .
So do varying circumstances and living conditions .
Jehovah’s standards , however , do not fluctuate with the weather . ​ — Mal .
3 : 6 .
In warmer climates , it can be particularly challenging to make sure that our style of dress is respectable and sensible and that it shows good judgment .
Hence , our brothers and sisters appreciate it when we refrain from wearing clothes that are so tight or so loose that they are revealing .
Also , when relaxing at the beach or at a swimming pool , the style of swimwear we use should be modest .
Even if many in the world wear revealing swimwear , we who serve Jehovah are concerned about being a credit to the holy God we love .
Why should the counsel found at 1 Corinthians 10 : 32 , 33 influence our choice of clothing ?
There is another important principle that helps us to select appropriate clothing .
That is our concern for the conscience of others ​ — whether fellow worshippers or not .
( Read 1 Corinthians 10 : 32 , 33 . )
We should take seriously our responsibility to avoid clothes that may offend others .
“ Let each of us please his neighbor for his good , to build him up , ” wrote Paul .
Then he added this reason : “ For even the Christ did not please himself . ”
Yes , Jesus put helping others ahead of personal convenience ​ — helping them was key to his doing God’s will .
Hence , we will forgo items or styles of clothing that we like but that could close the minds of people to whom we want to witness .
How can parents train their children to glorify God by their manner of dress ?
Christian parents have a responsibility to teach their families to apply Bible principles .
This includes making sure that they and their children strive to make God’s heart rejoice by their modest style of dress and grooming .
Parents can instill in their children a healthy respect for the holy God whom they worship by setting the right example for their children and by giving loving and practical instruction .
How good it is when parents teach their youngsters where and how to find suitable clothes !
This means not just what they like but also what will enable them to carry out their privilege of representing Jehovah God .
What should guide our personal choice as to our dress ?
God’s Word provides practical guidance that can help us to make wise choices that will bring glory to God .
Still , what we wear involves some personal preference .
Our individual tastes vary , as do our financial resources .
But our clothes should always be neat , clean , modest , appropriate to the occasion , and acceptable locally .
Why is it worth making the effort to be appropriately dressed ?
We must admit that it is not always easy to make a decision that shows good judgment , that is sensible , and that takes all factors into account .
Many stores cater to popular fashions , so it may take more time and effort to find modest skirts , dresses , and blouses or suits and slacks that are not too tight .
Yet , fellow believers will likely note and appreciate the results of our sincere efforts to find attractive and appropriate clothing .
And the satisfaction we have of bringing glory to our loving heavenly Father more than makes up for any inconveniences that we may face to dress so as to glorify him .
What are some factors that may affect whether a brother wears a beard ?
What about the propriety of brothers wearing a beard ?
The Mosaic Law required men to wear a beard .
However , Christians are not under the Mosaic Law , nor are they obliged to observe it .
In some cultures , a neatly trimmed beard may be acceptable and respectable , and it may not detract at all from the Kingdom message .
In fact , some appointed brothers have beards .
Even so , some brothers might decide not to wear a beard .
In other cultures or localities , beards are not the custom and are not considered acceptable for Christian ministers .
In fact , having one may hinder a brother from bringing glory to God by his dress and grooming and his being irreprehensible . ​ — Rom .
15 : 1 - 3 ; 1 Tim .
3 : 2 , 7 .
18 , 19 .
How does Micah 6 : 8 help us as we strive to let our style of dress be pleasing to God ?
How grateful we are that Jehovah does not burden us with detailed lists of regulations about our dress and grooming .
Instead , he has permitted us to exercise our free will and make sensible personal decisions , which should be guided by sound Scriptural principles .
Thus , even in our dress and grooming , we can show that we want to ‘ walk in modesty with our God . ’ ​ — Mic . 6 : 8 .
Our modesty includes making a humble evaluation of ourselves when compared with Jehovah’s purity and holiness , for we are completely dependent on him for the best guidance .
Also , modesty includes showing respect for the feelings and opinions of others .
Therefore , we ‘ walk in modesty with God ’ by conforming our lives to his elevated standards and showing respect for other people’s sensitivities .
What effect should our dress and grooming have on others ?
Our choice of clothing should not make people conclude anything other than that we are worshippers of Jehovah .
Our brothers and sisters as well as people in general should be able to see that we fittingly represent our righteous God .
He has high standards , and we happily strive to reflect those standards .
Commendation is in order for brothers and sisters whose appearance and fine conduct attract honesthearted people to the Bible’s lifesaving message and bring glory and joy to Jehovah .
Making wise decisions about what to wear will surely continue to bring glory to the One who clothes himself “ with majesty and splendor . ” ​ — Ps . 104 : 1 , 2 .
“ Faith is . . . the evident demonstration of realities that are not seen . ” ​ — HEB .
11 : 1 .
SONGS : 41 , 69
What are some tools that you can use to strengthen your faith ?
Why is reading the entire Bible an excellent goal ?
What outlook will help you when you discuss God and creation with others ?
1 , 2 .
What pressure may young ones today feel , and what steps can they take to deal with this ?
“ YOU seem to be too clever to believe in God , ” said a fellow student to a young sister in Britain .
A brother in Germany wrote : “ My teachers view the Bible account of creation as a myth .
And they take it for granted that the students believe in evolution . ”
A young sister in France said : “ Teachers in my school are quite astonished that there are students who still believe in the Bible . ”
As a young servant of Jehovah or as someone learning about Him , do you feel under pressure to conform to popular beliefs , such as evolution , rather than believe in a Creator ?
If so , there are steps you can take to strengthen your faith and keep it strong .
One step is for you to use your God - given thinking ability , which “ will keep watch over you . ”
It will protect you from secular philosophies that could destroy your faith . ​ — Read Proverbs 2 : 10 - 12 .
What will we discuss in this article ?
Genuine faith is based on accurate knowledge about God .
So as you study God’s Word and our Christian publications , do not just skim over the material .
Use your thinking ability so that you ‘ get the sense ’ of what you read .
Let us see how doing so can help you to strengthen your faith in God as the Creator and in the Bible ​ — topics on which there is no shortage of “ convincing evidence . ” ​ — Heb . 11 : 1 , ftn .
Why do beliefs about God and the origin of life always involve some type of faith , and what sound approach should we take ?
Have people said to you that they believe in evolution because it is based on science whereas belief in God is based on faith ?
Many hold this view .
But it is good for us to keep this in mind : No matter what someone believes about God or about evolution , some type of faith is involved .
How so ?
None of us have seen God or observed something being created .
And no human ​ — whether he is a scientist or not — ​ has observed one kind of life evolve into another kind .
No one has watched a reptile evolve into a mammal , for example .
Hence , all of us must examine the evidence and use our thinking ability to reach sound conclusions .
Regarding creation , the apostle Paul wrote : “ [ God’s ] invisible qualities are clearly seen from the world’s creation onward , because they are perceived by the things made , even his eternal power and Godship , so that they are inexcusable . ” ​ — Rom .
1 : 20 .
As you reason with others , make good use of the tools available in your language ( See paragraph 5 )
How have we as God’s people been equipped to use our perceptive powers ?
“ To perceive ” means to recognize something that may not be immediately visible or obvious .
Perceptive people , therefore , use their mind , not just their eyes and ears .
Jehovah’s organization has supplied many well - researched aids to help us .
These can enable us ‘ to see ’ our Creator through our eyes of faith .
These aids include the video The Wonders of Creation Reveal God’s Glory , the brochures Was Life Created ?
and The Origin of Life ​ — Five Questions Worth Asking , and the book Is There a Creator Who Cares About You ?
We also receive excellent food for thought in our magazines .
Awake !
has often presented interviews with scientists and others who have explained why they now believe in God .
The series of articles called “ Was It Designed ? ”
has highlighted examples of the amazing design that we see in nature .
Scientists often strive to imitate those wonderful designs .
What are some benefits from using the tools that are available , and how have you benefited ?
About the two brochures just mentioned , a 19 - year - old brother in the United States said : “ These have been invaluable to me .
I’ve studied those brochures about a dozen times . ”
A sister in France wrote : “ The ‘ Was It Designed ? ’
articles amaze me !
They show that the greatest engineers may imitate but will never equal the complex designs in nature . ”
The parents of a 15 - year - old in South Africa said : “ The first thing that our daughter usually reads in Awake ! is the ‘ Interview ’ article . ”
What about you ?
Do you take full advantage of these provisions ?
They can help your faith to become like a tree with deep roots .
In that way your faith will enable you to withstand what might be like the winds of false teachings . ​ — Jer .
17 : 5 - 8 .
Why does God want you to use your power of reason ?
Is it wrong to ask sincere questions about the Bible ?
By no means !
Jehovah wants you to use “ your power of reason ” to prove the truth to yourself .
He does not want you to believe just because others do .
So use your thinking ability to gain accurate knowledge .
That knowledge can then become the firm foundation for genuine faith .
( Read Romans 12 : 1 , 2 ; 1 Timothy 2 : 4 . )
One way to gain such knowledge is through the study projects that you choose to pursue .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What sort of study projects might some enjoy ?
( b ) How have some benefited from meditating on what they study ?
Some have chosen study projects that involved studying Bible prophecy or the Bible’s historical , archaeological , and scientific accuracy .
One fascinating prophecy to consider is Genesis 3 : 15 .
That verse introduces the Bible’s primary theme , which is the vindication of God’s sovereignty and the sanctification of his name by means of the Kingdom .
That one verse , using figurative language , sets out how Jehovah will solve all the suffering that humans have experienced since Eden .
How might you study Genesis 3 : 15 ?
One way would be to prepare a time line .
It could list key scriptures that show how God bit by bit shed light on the individuals and arrangement referred to in this verse and that prove that the prophecy will be fulfilled .
As you see the scriptures form a harmonious unit , you will surely conclude that the Bible prophets and writers must have been “ moved by holy spirit . ” ​ — 2 Pet .
1 : 21 . A brother in Germany wrote : “ The Kingdom theme runs through the Bible like a golden thread .
That is so , even though about 40 men wrote the Bible .
And many of them lived at different times and did not know one another personally . ”
An Australian sister was moved by a Watchtower study article in the issue of December 15 , 2013 , that dealt with the meaning of the Passover .
That special observance is closely connected to Genesis 3 : 15 and the coming of the Messiah .
“ That study opened my eyes to how wonderful Jehovah is , ” she wrote .
“ For someone to have thought of this arrangement for the Israelites and for it to be fulfilled in Jesus really impressed me .
I literally had to stop and contemplate how incredible that prophetic Passover meal was ! ”
Why did this sister feel that way ?
She thought deeply about what she read and got “ the sense of it . ”
This helped to strengthen her faith and drew her closer to Jehovah . ​ — Matt .
13 : 23 .
How does the honesty of Bible writers strengthen our faith in their writings ?
Another faith - strengthening aspect to consider is the courage and honesty of the men who wrote the Bible .
Many ancient writers flattered their leaders and glorified their kingdoms .
Jehovah’s prophets , however , always spoke the truth .
They were willing to point out the shortcomings of their own people , even their kings .
And they made plain their own failings and those of other servants of God .
“ Honesty like that is rare , ” said a young brother in Britain .
“ This adds to our confidence that the Bible truly is from Jehovah . ”
How can young ones grow in appreciation for the value of Bible principles ?
Because of its guiding principles , many are convinced that the Bible was inspired by God .
( Read Psalm 19 : 7 - 11 . )
A young sister in Japan wrote : “ When my family applied Bible teachings , we were truly happy .
We experienced peace , unity , and love . ”
Bible principles protect us from sharing in false worship and from superstitions that enslave many people .
Do philosophies that say that there is no God affect people ?
Such teachings as evolution tend to make nature into a sort of god , giving it powers that belong only to Jehovah .
Those who say that there is no God claim that our future is entirely in our own hands .
They , however , offer no sure hope for a better future . ​ — Ps . 146 : 3 , 4 .
12 , 13 .
What is an effective way to discuss creation or the Bible with fellow students , teachers , or others ?
How can you be effective when you reason with others about creation and the Bible ?
First , do not be quick to assume you know what others believe .
Some people say that they believe in evolution , but they also feel that God exists .
They think that God used evolution to create different forms of life .
Others say that they believe in evolution because they feel that it would not be taught at school were it not a fact .
And some stop believing in God because they are disappointed with religion .
So when you discuss the origin of life with someone , it is usually wise to ask questions first .
Find out what that person believes .
If you are reasonable and willing to listen , he may be inclined to listen to you . ​ — Titus 3 : 2 .
If someone seems to be attacking your belief in creation , you may tactfully shift the responsibility to him .
You might ask him to explain how life could have begun without a Creator .
For the first life - form to continue , it had to be able to reproduce , to make copies of itself .
One professor of chemistry said that among the things needed would be ( 1 ) a protective membrane , ( 2 ) the ability to get and process energy , ( 3 ) information in the genes , and ( 4 ) the ability to make copies of that information .
He added : “ One is struck by the complexity of even the simplest form of life . ”
What can you do if you feel that you are not equipped to discuss evolution or creation ?
If you feel unprepared to discuss evolution or creation , you can try using the basic reasoning that Paul used .
He wrote : “ Every house is constructed by someone , but the one who constructed all things is God . ”
Such logic is very reasonable and effective !
Yes , complex designs are the product of an intelligent mind .
You might also use a suitable publication .
One sister used the two brochures mentioned earlier with a young man who said that he did not believe that there is a God and that he accepted evolution .
A week or so later , the young man acknowledged , “ Now I believe in God . ”
This led to a Bible study , and this young man became one of our brothers .
15 , 16 .
How might you adjust the way you discuss the Bible , and with what goal ?
You can use the same basic principles when you talk with someone who has doubts about the Bible .
Find out what he actually believes and what topics may interest him .
If he is interested in scientific things , he might respond when you mention points that show the Bible’s scientific accuracy .
Other people might be moved by examples showing that the Bible contains accurate prophecies and accurate history .
Or you might point out the Bible’s guiding principles , such as those found in the Sermon on the Mount .
Remember , your goal should be to win hearts , not arguments .
So be a good listener .
Ask sincere questions , and express yourself with mildness and respect , especially when you talk with older ones .
They will likely be more inclined to respect your views .
They will also see that you have given much thought to your basic beliefs .
That is something many young people have not done .
Of course , it is good to bear in mind that you are not obligated to answer those who are not reasonable or who just want to make fun of what you believe . ​ — Prov . 26 : 4 .
17 , 18 . ( a ) What can help you to make the truth your own ?
( b ) What question will we consider in the following article ?
Strong faith rests on more than just basic knowledge of the Bible .
So dig deeply into God’s Word , as if you were looking for hidden treasures .
Make good use of other tools that may be available in your language , such as Watchtower Library on DVD , Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY , as well as Watch Tower Publications Index or the Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Also , make it your goal to read the entire Bible . You might try to do that over a period of 12 months .
Few things build our faith as much as reading God’s Word .
Thinking back on his youth , a circuit overseer said : “ One thing that helped me to appreciate that the Bible is the Word of God was reading it right through .
The Bible stories that I had learned from when I was very young finally made sense to me .
This was a turning point in my spiritual growth . ”
Parents ​ — you play a major role in the spiritual development of your children .
How can you help them to build a strong faith ?
The next article will address this matter .
“ Young men and young women . . .
Let them praise the name of Jehovah . ” ​ — PS . 148 : 12 , 13 .
SONGS : 88 , 115
Why is it so important to know your children well ?
How might you use illustrations effectively in teaching ?
Why do you need to be faithful , patient , and prayerful ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What challenge do parents face , and how can they meet that challenge ?
( b ) What four points will we now examine ?
“ WE BELIEVE in Jehovah , but that does not necessarily mean that our children will believe , ” said a married couple in France .
They commented : “ Faith is not something you inherit .
Our children acquire it little by little . ”
An Australian brother wrote : “ Helping to build faith in your child’s heart is probably the greatest challenge you will ever face .
You need to draw on every available resource .
You may feel that you have dealt with a question to your child’s satisfaction .
Then you find that he raises the same question again later !
The answers that satisfy your child’s curious mind today may not be enough for him tomorrow .
You may need to revisit some subjects regularly . ”
If you are a parent , do you at times feel unequal to the responsibility of teaching and molding your children to become men and women who have faith ?
Really , in our own wisdom , none of us are up to the task !
But we can succeed when we look to God for guidance .
Consider four things that can assist you in helping your children to build faith : ( 1 ) Get to know them well .
( 2 ) Put your heart into your teaching .
( 3 ) Use good illustrations .
( 4 ) Be patient and prayerful .
How can parents imitate Jesus ’ example in teaching ?
Jesus was not afraid to ask his followers what they believed .
Imitate his example .
It is best , in a relaxed setting , to invite your children to express their feelings .
That includes talking about any uncertainties , or doubts , they may have .
A 15 - year - old brother in Australia wrote : “ Dad often talks with me about my faith and helps me to reason .
He asks : ‘ What does the Bible say ? ’
‘ Do you believe what it says ? ’
‘ Why do you believe it ? ’
He wants me to answer in my own words and not simply repeat his or Mum’s words .
As I got older , I had to expand on my answers . ”
Why is it important to take a child’s questions seriously ?
Give an example .
If a child is unsure about some teaching , try not to react too strongly or to respond as if you were on the defensive .
Patiently help him to reason on the matter .
“ Take your child’s questions seriously , ” said one father .
“ Do not dismiss them as of little importance , and do not avoid a subject simply because it may make you feel uncomfortable . ”
Actually , it is helpful to view your child’s sincere questions as an indication that he cares and wants to understand .
Even at 12 years of age , Jesus asked serious questions .
( Read Luke 2 : 46 . )
“ When I said that I wondered if we had the true religion , ” recalls a 15 - year - old in Denmark , “ my parents took it calmly ​ — even though they may have been worried about me .
They answered all my questions , using the Bible . ”
How can parents show that they do not take their child’s faith for granted ?
Get to know your children well ​ — their thinking , their feelings , their concerns .
Never assume that they have faith simply because they attend Christian meetings and share in the field service with you .
Include spiritual discussions in your daily activities .
Pray with and for your children .
Try to be aware of any tests to their faith , and help them to deal with these .
When parents inculcate Bible truth in their own heart , how does this help them as teachers ?
As a teacher , Jesus reached hearts because he loved Jehovah , God’s Word , and people .
Similar love will help parents reach the hearts of their children .
( Read Deuteronomy 6 : 5 - 8 ; Luke 6 : 45 . )
So parents , be good students of the Bible and of our study aids .
Take an interest in creation and in articles in our publications that discuss this topic .
Your doing so will broaden your knowledge , deepen your appreciation for Jehovah , and better equip you to teach your young ones . ​ — Luke 6 : 40 .
7 , 8 .
When a parent’s heart is filled with Bible truth , what will be the result ?
Illustrate .
When your heart is filled with Bible truth , you will want to discuss it with your family .
Do this not only when preparing for Christian meetings or during family worship but at any time .
Moreover , such discussions should not be forced but should be natural and spontaneous ​ — a part of your everyday conversation .
A couple in the United States reflect on Jehovah when the family enjoy an aspect of nature or certain foods .
“ We remind our children of the love and forethought that Jehovah put into everything he provided for us , ” the parents state .
When gardening with their two girls , a couple in South Africa point to aspects such as the marvels of how seeds germinate and then plants grow .
“ We try to develop in our daughters a great respect for life and its wonderful complexity , ” say the parents .
When his son was about ten years old , a father in Australia took advantage of a visit to a museum to help his son to strengthen his faith in God and in creation .
“ We saw a display of ancient sea creatures called ammonoids and trilobites , ” says the father .
“ It struck us that these extinct animals were beautiful , complex , and complete ​ — no less so than what we can see today .
So if life evolved from simple to more complex forms , why were these ancient creatures already so complex ?
It was a lesson that deeply impressed me and that I shared with my son . ”
Why are illustrations effective , and how did one mother demonstrate this ?
Jesus often used illustrations , which stimulate thinking , appeal to the heart , and aid the memory .
Children tend to have a vivid imagination .
So parents , try to use illustrations liberally in your teaching .
A mother in Japan did just that .
When her two boys were eight and ten respectively , she taught them about earth’s atmosphere and the care Jehovah showed in making it .
To do that , she gave the boys milk , sugar , and coffee . Then she asked each of the boys to make her a cup of coffee .
“ They took great care , ” she explained .
“ When I asked them why they were so careful , they said that they wanted the coffee to be just the way I like it .
I explained that God mixed the gases in the atmosphere with similar care ​ — just right for us . ”
That illustration was fitting for their age , and it engaged them in a way that passive learning might not have .
No doubt they long remembered the lesson !
You can use common objects to build faith in God and in creation ( See paragraph 10 )
10 , 11 . ( a ) What illustration could you use to help your child build faith in God ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What illustrations have you found to be effective ?
You might even use a recipe to help your child build faith in God .
How ?
After you bake a cake or a batch of cookies , explain the role of the recipe .
Then hand your child a piece of fruit , perhaps an apple , and ask : “ Did you know that this apple started off with a ‘ recipe ’ ? ”
Then cut the apple in two , and give him a seed .
You could discuss that the recipe was “ written ” in the seed but in a language far more complex than the words in a recipe book .
You might ask : “ If the recipe for the cake had a writer , who wrote the much more complex recipe for the apple ? ”
For an older child , you could explain that the recipe for the apple ​ — in fact , for the entire tree on which it grew — ​ was part of the code in the DNA .
Together , you might even look at some of the illustrations on pages 10 to 20 of our brochure The Origin of Life ​ — Five Questions Worth Asking .
Many parents enjoy discussing articles in the Awake ! series “ Was It Designed ? ”
with their children .
Or they use this feature as a basis for teaching simple ideas to very young children .
For instance , a couple in Denmark compared airplanes to birds .
“ Airplanes look just like birds , ” they said . “ But can airplanes lay eggs and hatch small airplanes ?
Do birds need special landing strips ?
And how would you compare the sound of an airplane to the singing of a bird ?
So who is more intelligent ​ — the maker of airplanes or the Creator of birds ? ”
Such comments , along with good questions , can help a child to develop “ thinking ability ” and to build faith in God . ​ — Prov . 2 : 10 - 12 .
How can illustrations help children to build faith in the Bible ?
Effective illustrations can also strengthen a child’s faith in the accuracy of the Bible .
For example , consider Job 26 : 7 .
( Read . )
How might you show that this scripture was inspired ?
You could just state facts .
Instead , why not stimulate your child’s imagination ?
Bring up the fact that Job lived long before telescopes and spaceships .
Your child’s job could be to show how difficult it might be for some to believe that a very large object , such as the earth , could sit on nothing .
The child could use a ball or a stone to illustrate the point by showing that objects with mass have to rest on something .
Such a lesson would impress on your child that Jehovah had facts recorded in the Bible long before humans could prove them . ​ — Neh .
9 : 6 .
13 , 14 .
How might parents impress on their children the value of Bible principles ?
It is particularly important that you impress on your children the value of Bible principles .
( Read Psalm 1 : 1 - 3 . )
There are many ways to do this .
For example , you could ask your children to imagine that they are going to live on a remote island and will have to choose a number of people to live there with them .
Then ask , “ What qualities must each person have if all in the group are to live in peace and get along well ? ”
You could also talk with them about the wise directions found at Galatians 5 : 19 - 23 .
That exercise could teach two important lessons .
First , God’s standards promote genuine peace and harmony .
Second , by educating us now , Jehovah is preparing us for life in the new world .
You could drive these points home by selecting an experience from our publications .
It might be from the series “ The Bible Changes Lives , ” published in The Watchtower .
Or if someone in your congregation has made major changes in order to please Jehovah , you could invite him to join you and share his story .
Such examples bring Bible principles to life ! ​ — Heb .
4 : 12 .
What should you have as a primary goal when teaching your children ?
The point is this : When teaching your children , do not get into a rut .
Try to use your imagination .
Stimulate their thinking , keeping their age in mind .
Make learning exciting , faith strengthening .
“ Never tire of experimenting with new ways to approach old subjects , ” said one father .
When teaching children , why is patience vital ?
Illustrate .
God’s spirit is needed to produce strong faith .
Like literal fruit , faith takes time to grow .
Thus you will need to manifest patience and perseverance in teaching your children .
“ My wife and I simply gave our children a lot of attention , ” said a father of two in Japan .
“ From the time they were very young , I studied with them for 15 minutes every day , except on days when we had Christian meetings .
Fifteen minutes was not too hard for us or for them . ”
A circuit overseer wrote : “ As a teenager , I had many more questions or doubts than I ever put into words .
Over time , many of these were addressed at meetings or during family or personal study .
That’s why it’s important for parents just to keep teaching . ”
If you are going to be an effective teacher , God’s Word must first be in your heart ( See paragraph 17 )
Why is good parental example important , and how has one couple set such an example for their girls ?
Something that is very important , of course , is your example of faith .
Your children will observe what you do , and it certainly will affect them for the good .
So as parents , keep building your own faith .
Let your children see how real Jehovah is to you .
When a couple in Bermuda have anxious moments , they pray with their children that Jehovah guide them , and they encourage their children to pray on their own .
“ We also tell our older daughter , ‘ Have complete trust in Jehovah , keep busy in Kingdom service , and do not worry too much . ’
When she sees the outcome , she knows that Jehovah is helping us .
This has done wonders for her faith in God and in the Bible . ”
What important fact must parents recognize ?
In the end , of course , children have to develop their own faith .
As parents , you can plant and water .
Only God can make it grow .
So pray for his spirit , and work hard to teach your precious children , for by doing so , you give Jehovah much to bless . ​ — Eph .
6 : 4 .
3 Life Story ​ — Endeavoring to Mirror Fine Examples
8 “ Do Not Forget Kindness to Strangers ”
13 Maintain Your Spiritual Health While Serving in a Foreign Field
In recent years , the makeup of our congregations has become more diverse and international .
The first article helps us to show genuine concern for those from a foreign background who attend meetings in our congregation .
The second article discusses how those serving in a foreign field can maintain their spiritual health .
18 Do You “ Safeguard Practical Wisdom ” ?
21 Strengthen Your Faith in What You Hope For
26 Exercise Your Faith in Jehovah’s Promises
These articles examine the two aspects of faith that are described at Hebrews 11 : 1 .
The first article shows how our faith can grow and remain strong .
The second article shows how true faith is much more than just a mental understanding of the blessings that Jehovah has in store for us .
31 Did You Know ?
LIFE STORY
As told by Thomas McLain
“ Do you know how old I am ? ” I asked .
“ I know exactly how old you are , ” replied Izak Marais , who called me in Colorado from Patterson , New York .
Let me explain what led to that conversation .
I WAS born in Wichita , Kansas , U.S.A . , on December 10 , 1936 , the oldest of four children .

My parents , William and Jean , were devoted worshippers of Jehovah .
Father was the company servant , the term then used for the one taking the lead in a congregation .
My mother was taught Bible truths by her mother , Emma Wagner .
Emma taught such truths to many individuals , including Gertrude Steele , who for years served as a missionary in Puerto Rico .
* So I had many fine examples to imitate .
My father standing on a street corner , offering magazines to passersby
One Saturday evening when I was five years old , I was with my father , offering the Watchtower and Consolation ( now Awake ! )
magazines to passersby on the street .
At the time , the country was embroiled in World War II .
An intoxicated doctor came by and verbally abused Father because of his Christian neutrality , saying that he was a coward and a draft dodger .
The doctor put his face right up in front of Father’s and said , “ Why don’t you hit me , you yellow coward ! ”
I was frightened but so admired Father .
He just kept on offering the magazines to the crowd that had gathered .
Then a soldier walked by , and the doctor yelled , “ Do something about this yellow coward ! ”
The soldier could see that the man was drunk , so he told him , “ Go home and sober up ! ”
They both left .
I look back with appreciation for the courage that Jehovah gave my father .
He owned two barbershops in Wichita , and the doctor was one of his clients !
With my parents , going to a convention in Wichita in the 1940 ’ s
When I was eight years old , my parents sold their home and shops , built a small mobile home , and moved to Colorado to serve where the need was greater .
We settled near Grand Junction , where my parents pioneered and worked part - time at farming and ranching .
With Jehovah’s blessing and their zealous work , a congregation was started .
There , on June 20 , 1948 , Father baptized me in a mountain stream , along with others who had accepted Bible truths , including Billie Nichols and his wife .
They later went into the circuit work , as did their son and his wife .
We had close association and upbuilding spiritual discussions with many who were fully involved in the Kingdom work , especially the Steele family ​ — Don and Earlene , Dave and Julia , and Si and Martha — ​ who influenced my life very much .
They showed me how putting the Kingdom first gives real meaning and joy to one’s life .
When I was 19 , Bud Hasty , a family friend , asked me to join him in the pioneer work in the southern United States .
The circuit overseer asked us to move to Ruston , Louisiana , where a number of Witnesses had become inactive .
We were told to hold all the meetings each week regardless of how many attended .
We found a suitable meeting place and fixed it up .
We held every meeting , but for some time , only the two of us were in attendance .
We took turns , one presented a meeting part while the other answered all the questions .
If the part called for a demonstration , both of us would be on the platform with no one in the audience !
Finally , an older sister started attending .
Eventually , some Bible students , as well as some inactive ones , began coming to the meetings , and before long we had a thriving congregation .
One day , Bud and I met a Church of Christ minister , who talked about scriptures that I was not familiar with .
This shook me up a bit and made me think more deeply about what I believed .
For a week , I burned the midnight oil to get answers to the questions he had raised .
That really helped me to make the truth my own , and I could hardly wait to meet up with another preacher .
Shortly thereafter , the circuit overseer asked me to move to El Dorado , Arkansas , to help that congregation .
While there , I made frequent trips back to Colorado to appear before the draft board .
On one trip , some fellow pioneers and I traveled together in my car , and we had an accident in Texas that rendered my car useless .
We called a brother who came and took us to his home and then to the congregation meeting .
There they announced that we had had a mishap , and the brothers kindly gave us financial help .
The brother also sold my car for $ 25 .
We were able to get a ride to Wichita , where a close family friend , E . F . “ Doc ” McCartney , was pioneering .
His twin sons , Frank and Francis , were and still are two of my best friends .
They had an old car that they sold to me for $ 25 , exactly what I had been paid for my wrecked one .
This was the first time I clearly saw that Jehovah provided a necessity for me because I was putting Kingdom interests first .
On this visit , the McCartneys introduced me to a lovely theocratic sister , Bethel Crane .
Her mother , Ruth , a zealous Witness in Wellington , Kansas , continued pioneering into her 90 ’ s .
Bethel and I were married less than a year later , in 1958 , and she joined me as a pioneer in El Dorado .
After considering the fine examples we had grown up with , we decided to make ourselves available for anything Jehovah’s organization invited us to do .
We were assigned to special pioneer in Walnut Ridge , Arkansas .
Then in 1962 , we were thrilled to receive an invitation to the 37th class of Gilead .
To our delight , Don Steele was in the same class .
Upon graduating , Bethel and I were assigned to Nairobi , Kenya .
We felt a lump in our throat as we left New York , but how that lump turned to joy when we were met by our brothers at the airport in Nairobi !
In the ministry in Nairobi with Mary and Chris Kanaiya
We quickly grew fond of Kenya and our delightful ministry there .
Our first progressive Bible study was with Chris and Mary Kanaiya .
They still serve faithfully in the full - time service in Kenya .
The following year , we were asked to go to Kampala , Uganda , as the first missionaries in that country .
Those were exciting times because so many had a keen desire to learn Bible truths , and they became our fellow Witnesses .
However , after three and a half years in Africa , we left to have a family .
We returned to the United States .
The day we left Africa , the lump in our throat was much bigger than the one we had when leaving New York .
We had grown to love the people of Africa and hoped to return someday .
We settled on the western slope of Colorado , where my parents lived .
Soon after , our first daughter , Kimberly , was born , and 17 months later , we had Stephany .
We took our new assignment as parents very seriously , and we set out to instill the truth in our beautiful girls .
We wanted to mirror the examples that had been set for us .
It was sobering to think that while a fine example is a powerful influence for molding children , it is no guarantee that they will grow up to serve Jehovah .
My younger brother and a sister left the truth .
Hopefully , they will again imitate the fine examples that were also set for them .
We very much enjoyed rearing our daughters and always tried to do things as a family .
Since we lived near Aspen , Colorado , we all took up skiing so that we could occasionally ski together .
These periods of recreation afforded us time to converse with the girls as we rode up the ski lifts together .
We would also go camping with them and would have very enjoyable conversations around the campfire .
Though young , they asked such questions as “ What will I do when I grow up ? ”
and “ What kind of marriage mate do I want ? ”
We endeavored to instill spiritual values in our daughters ’ minds and hearts . We kept before them the goal of the full - time ministry and the wisdom of marrying only someone with a similar goal .
We tried to help them appreciate that it is best not to marry too young .
We coined the phrase “ Stay free until you are at least 23 . ”
As our parents had done with us , we worked hard to attend the meetings and have a regular share in the field service as a family .
We arranged to have some who were in the full - time ministry stay in our home .
Also , we often talked with fondness about our time in the missionary work .
We expressed the hope that someday all four of us might take a trip to Africa together .
Our daughters really wanted to do that .
We always had a regular family study , during which we would act out situations that could happen at school .
We would have the girls play the part of a Witness answering questions .
They had fun learning in this way , and it gave them confidence .
As they got older , they complained at times about having the family study .
Once , in desperation , I told them to go to their rooms and that we would not have the study .
They were shocked and started to cry and said that they wanted to study .
Then we began to realize that we really were instilling appreciation for spiritual matters in their young hearts .
They grew to love the study , and we allowed them to express themselves freely .
It was hard at times , though , to hear them say that they did not agree with some aspect of the truth .
Yet , we learned what was really in their hearts .
After we reasoned with them , they would be satisfied with Jehovah’s thinking on matters .
This project of raising our daughters went by much faster than we could have imagined .
With the help and direction of God’s organization , we did our best to raise them to love Jehovah .
We were so grateful when both daughters started pioneering after finishing high school , and they developed skills to support themselves financially .
They moved to Cleveland , Tennessee , with two other sisters to serve where the need was greater .
We missed them very much , but we were pleased that they were using their lives in the full - time service .
Bethel and I then began to pioneer again , which opened up other joyful privileges for us .
We did substitute circuit work and convention work .
Prior to moving to Tennessee , our daughters took a trip to London , England , and visited the branch office .
There , Stephany , then 19 , met Paul Norton , a young Bethelite .
On a later trip , Kimberly met one of his workmates , Brian Llewellyn .
Paul and Stephany got married ​ — but after she turned 23 .
Brian and Kimberly got married the next year ​ — when she was 25 .
So they did stay free until they were at least 23 .
We wholeheartedly approved of each one’s fine choice of a marriage mate .
With Paul , Stephany , Kimberly , and Brian at the Malawi branch office , in the year 2002
Our daughters have told us that the examples we and their grandparents set helped them to obey Jesus ’ command to ‘ keep seeking first the Kingdom , ’ even when they had difficult financial situations .
In April 1998 , Paul and Stephany were invited to the 105th class of Gilead , and afterward they were assigned to serve in Malawi , Africa .
At the same time , Brian and Kimberly were invited to work at London Bethel and later were transferred to Malawi Bethel .
We were extremely happy , since there is no better way for young people to use their lives .
In January 2001 , I received the phone call mentioned at the outset .
Brother Marais , the overseer of Translation Services , explained that the brothers were arranging for a course in English comprehension for translators around the world , and at age 64 , I was being considered for training to be one of the instructors .
Bethel and I prayed about it and discussed the matter with our aged mothers to get their advice .
They both wanted us to go , even though they would be without our help .
I called back and said that we would be very happy to make ourselves available for this wonderful privilege .
Then my mother was diagnosed with cancer .
I told her that we would stay and help my sister Linda with her care .
“ You will do nothing of the kind , ” Mother replied . “ I would feel worse if you didn’t go . ”
Linda felt the same way .
How we appreciated their self - sacrificing spirit as well as the help of the local friends in the area !
The day after we left for the Watchtower Educational Center in Patterson , Linda called to tell us that Mother had died .
As she would have encouraged us to do , we immersed ourselves in our new work .
Much to our delight , our first assignment was to the Malawi branch , where our daughters and their husbands were serving .
What a reunion that was !
Next , we taught the course in Zimbabwe and then in Zambia .
After teaching the course for three and a half years , we were asked to return to Malawi to document the experiences of the Witnesses who had suffered persecution there for maintaining their Christian neutrality .
*
Sharing in the ministry with our granddaughters
Again with a lump in our throat , in 2005 we returned home to Basalt , Colorado , where Bethel and I continue pioneering .
In 2006 , Brian and Kimberly moved next door to us to raise their two daughters , Mackenzie and Elizabeth .
Paul and Stephany are still in Malawi , where Paul serves on the Branch Committee .
Now that I am nearing 80 years of age , it gives me great pleasure to see younger men with whom I have worked over the years take on the responsibilities that I used to have .
The joy we have is due , in large part , to the fine examples that were set for us and that we have endeavored to mirror for the benefit of our children and grandchildren .
See the Watchtower magazines of May 1 , 1956 , pp . 269 - 272 , and March 15 , 1971 , pp . 186 - 190 , to learn more about the missionary work of members of the Steele family .
For example , see the life story of Trophim Nsomba in the April 15 , 2015 , issue of The Watchtower , pp . 14 - 18 .

“ Do not forget kindness to strangers . ” ​ — HEB . 13 : 2 , ftn .
SONGS : 124 , 79
Why might we need to adjust our view of strangers ?
How did Boaz reflect Jehovah’s view of strangers in his dealings with Ruth ?
How can we show kindness to strangers ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What challenges do many strangers face today ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What reminder did the apostle Paul give , and what questions does this raise ?
OVER 30 years ago , Osei , who was not a Witness at that time , arrived in Europe from Ghana .
He recalls : “ I soon realized that most people did not care about me .
The climate was also quite a shock .
When I left the airport and felt the cold for the first time in my life , I started crying . ”
Because he struggled with the language , Osei could not find a decent job for over a year .
Being far away from his family , he felt alone and homesick .
Think about how you would like others to act toward you if you were in a similar situation .
Would you not appreciate a warm welcome at the Kingdom Hall , regardless of your nationality or skin color ?
In fact , the Bible urges genuine Christians : “ Do not forget kindness to strangers . ”
So let us consider the following questions : How does Jehovah view strangers ?
Why might we need to adjust our view of strangers ?
And how can we help those from a foreign background to feel at home in our congregation ?
3 , 4 .
According to Exodus 23 : 9 , how were God’s ancient people expected to treat foreigners , and why ?
After Jehovah delivered his people from Egypt , he gave them a set of laws that showed special consideration for the many non - Israelites who had joined them .
Since foreigners are often disadvantaged , Jehovah lovingly made provisions for them .
The right to glean food was one such provision . ​ — Lev .
19 : 9 , 10 .
Rather than order the Israelites to respect foreigners , Jehovah appealed to their empathy .
( Read Exodus 23 : 9 . )
They knew ‘ how it felt to be a foreigner . ’
Even before they were reduced to slavery , the Hebrews were likely shunned by the Egyptians because of racial pride or religious prejudice .
The Israelites had experienced a bitter life as foreign residents , but Jehovah expected them to treat the foreigner “ like a native ” among them . ​ — Lev .
19 : 33 , 34 .
What will help us to reflect Jehovah’s concern for people from a foreign background ?
Today , we can be sure that Jehovah is equally concerned about people from a foreign background who attend meetings in our congregations .
If we reflect on the challenges that they are facing , such as discrimination or the language barrier , we will look for ways to show them kindness and fellow feeling . ​ — 1 Pet . 3 : 8 .
6 , 7 .
What shows that first - century Christians learned to overcome deep - seated prejudices ?
First - century Christians learned to overcome the deep - seated prejudices that prevailed among the Jews .
At Pentecost 33 C.E . , those living in Jerusalem extended hospitality to newly converted Christians from various lands .
The loving concern of Jewish Christians for fellow believers from other lands showed that they understood the meaning of the word “ hospitality , ” that is , “ kindness to strangers . ”
As the early Christian congregation grew , however , a situation that apparently involved discrimination arose .
Greek - speaking Jews complained that their widows were not being treated fairly .
To settle this issue , the apostles appointed seven men to make sure that nobody was neglected .
These men all had Greek names , which seems to indicate that the apostles wanted to ease any tensions over background that might have existed among the early Christians . ​ — Acts 6 : 2 - 6 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What might indicate that we are harboring prejudice or racial pride ?
( b ) What must we root out of our heart ?
Whether we realize it or not , we are all deeply influenced by our culture .
Moreover , we likely hear neighbors , fellow workers , or schoolmates make derogatory remarks about those of another background , tribe , or skin color .
How deeply are we affected by such biased views ?
And how do we react when someone makes fun of our nationality ​ — maybe by exaggerating some feature of our culture ?
For a while , the apostle Peter harbored prejudice against non - Jews , but he gradually learned to eradicate negative views from his heart .
Likewise , if we detect any trace of prejudice or racial pride in us , we should make a conscious effort to root it out of our heart .
( Read 1 Peter 1 : 22 . )
We might reflect on the fact that none of us deserve salvation ; we are all imperfect humans , regardless of our nationality .
So why should we feel superior to anyone else ?
We should have a view like that of the apostle Paul , who admonished his fellow anointed Christians that they were “ no longer strangers and foreigners , but . . . members of the household of God . ”
Earnest effort to overcome prejudiced views regarding those who are of a different background will certainly help us to put on the new personality . ​ — Col .
3 : 10 , 11 .
10 , 11 .
How did Boaz reflect Jehovah’s view of strangers in his dealings with Ruth the Moabitess ?
Boaz undoubtedly reflected Jehovah’s view of strangers in his dealings with Ruth the Moabitess .
When he came to inspect his fields during the harvest , Boaz could not fail to notice a hardworking foreign woman gleaning behind his harvesters .
On hearing that she had asked permission to glean ​ — even though she was within her full right to do so — ​ Boaz generously allowed her to glean even among the sheaves . ​ — Read Ruth 2 : 5 - 7 , 15 , 16 .
The conversation that ensued shows that Boaz was clearly concerned about Ruth and her precarious situation as a foreigner .
For one thing , he invited her to stay with his group of young women so that she would not be harassed by the men who were working in the field .
He even made sure that she would get enough food and water , just like the hired workers .
In addition , Boaz did not speak down to the poor foreign woman but , instead , reassured her . ​ — Ruth 2 : 8 - 10 , 13 , 14 .
What positive effect can kindness have on newcomers from a foreign background ?
Not only was Boaz moved by Ruth’s unselfish love for her mother - in - law , Naomi , but he was also impressed that she had become a worshipper of Jehovah .
Boaz ’ kindness was actually an expression of Jehovah’s loyal love toward a woman who had come to ‘ seek refuge under the wings of the God of Israel . ’
Similarly today , our kindly demeanor can help “ all sorts of people ” recognize the truth and sense how much Jehovah loves them . ​ — 1 Tim .
2 : 3 , 4 .
Are we warmly greeting newcomers when they arrive at the Kingdom Hall ?
( See paragraphs 13 , 14 )
13 , 14 . ( a ) Why should we make an earnest effort to greet strangers at the Kingdom Hall ?
( b ) How can you overcome awkward feelings about approaching individuals from another culture ?
We can show kindness to newcomers from a foreign background by warmly greeting them at the Kingdom Hall .
We may have noticed that new immigrants are sometimes shy and stay by themselves .
Because of their upbringing or social status , they may feel inferior to those of another race or nationality .
So we should take the initiative to show a warm and sincere interest in them .
If available in your language , the JW Language app can help you learn how to greet newcomers in their mother tongue . ​ — Read Philippians 2 : 3 , 4 .
You may feel awkward about approaching those from another culture .
To overcome such feelings , you might tell them something about yourself .
You may soon realize that you have more things in common than you have differences ​ — real or imagined — ​ and that each culture has its own strengths and weaknesses .
What will help us to be more understanding toward those who are adjusting to a new country ?
To help others feel at home in the congregation , honestly ask yourself , ‘ If I were in a foreign country , how would I want to be treated ? ’
Be patient with those who are adjusting to a new country .
At first , we may not fully understand their way of thinking or reacting .
But rather than expect them to embrace our culture , why not accept them just the way they are ? ​ — Read Romans 15 : 7 , footnote .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What initiatives can we take in order to feel closer to those from another culture ?
( b ) In what practical ways can we assist immigrants in our congregation ?
If we learn about the homeland and culture of those from a foreign background , we may find it easier to interact with them .
We might include time in our family worship to do research on peoples we are not acquainted with in our congregation or territory .
Another way to draw closer to those from another background is to invite them for a meal in our home .
Since Jehovah has “ opened to the nations the door to faith , ” could we not open our own door to strangers who are “ related to us in the faith ” ? ​ — Acts 14 : 27 ; Gal .
6 : 10 ; Job 31 : 32 .
Are we showing gracious hospitality to newcomers from other lands ?
( See paragraphs 16 , 17 )
By spending time with an immigrant family , we will better appreciate the extent of their efforts to adjust to our culture . We may realize , though , that they need practical help to learn the language .
Also , could we direct them to local agencies that may help them to obtain suitable housing or employment ?
Such initiatives may make a big difference in the life of a fellow believer . ​ — Prov .
3 : 27 .
What example of respect and gratitude can immigrants imitate today ?
Of course , immigrants will want to do their best to adjust to the culture of the new country .
Ruth set a fine example in this regard .
First , she showed respect for the customs of her new country by asking permission to glean .
She did not take this right for granted as if others owed her something .
Second , she readily expressed gratitude for the kindnesses shown to her .
When immigrants display such a fine attitude , they are more likely to gain the respect of local residents and fellow believers .
What reasons do we have for welcoming strangers among us ?
We rejoice that Jehovah in his undeserved kindness has allowed people from all backgrounds to hear the good news .
In their home country , they may not have been able to take advantage of a Bible study or to associate freely with Jehovah’s people .
But now that they have the opportunity to associate with us , should we not help them so that they no longer feel like strangers in our midst ?
Even though we may be limited in the material or practical help we can provide , our kindness to them reflects Jehovah’s love for them .
As “ imitators of God , ” then , let us do our very best to welcome strangers among us . ​ — Eph .
5 : 1 , 2 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 1 ) Name has been changed .
“ In my heart I treasure up your saying . ” ​ — PS .
119 : 11 .
SONGS : 142 , 92
What helped Daniel and the writer of Psalm 119 to maintain their spiritual health ?
How can those serving in a foreign field maintain their spiritual health ?
While serving in a foreign field , how can parents train their children spiritually ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) Whatever our circumstances , what should be our priority ?
( b ) What specific challenges do those learning a new language face , and what questions does this raise ?
( See opening picture . )
THOUSANDS of Jehovah’s Witnesses today are taking an active part in the fulfillment of the vision to declare the good news “ to every nation and tribe and tongue and people . ”
Are you among those who are learning another language ?
Are you perhaps serving as a missionary or a need - greater in a foreign land , or have you begun attending meetings in a foreign - language congregation in your homeland ?
As God’s servants , all of us need to give priority to our spiritual health and that of our family .
At times , though , we may find it difficult to engage in meaningful personal study because of our busy routine .
But those serving in a foreign field face yet other challenges .
In addition to learning a new tongue , those serving in a foreign field also need to make sure that they regularly feed their heart with solid spiritual food .
How can they do that if they are unable to grasp fully the language spoken in the congregation ?
And why should Christian parents make sure that God’s Word reaches their children’s hearts ?
What could pose a threat to our spirituality ?
Give an example .
The inability to grasp God’s Word in a foreign language can pose a real threat to our spiritual health .
In the fifth century B.C.E . , Nehemiah showed concern when he learned that some children among the Jews who had returned from Babylon could not speak the Hebrew language .
( Read Nehemiah 13 : 23 , 24 . )
These children were actually losing their identity as God’s servants because they could not fully understand the meaning of God’s Word . ​ — Neh .
8 : 2 , 8 .
5 , 6 .
What have some parents serving in a foreign - language field come to realize , and why ?
Some Christian parents serving in a foreign - language field have come to realize that their children’s interest in the truth has waned .
Because of not fully understanding what was said at the meetings , the children were not really touched by the spiritual program that was being presented at the Kingdom Hall .
“ When talking about spiritual matters , ” says Pedro , who moved his family to Australia from South America , “ the heart and emotions should be involved . ” ​ — Luke 24 : 32 .
When we read in a foreign tongue , our heart may not be as involved as it would be in our own language .
Moreover , the inability to communicate well in another language can be mentally and spiritually draining .
So while keeping alive our desire to serve Jehovah in a foreign - language field , we do well to safeguard our spiritual health . ​ — Matt .
4 : 4 .
How did the Babylonians attempt to assimilate Daniel into their culture and religion ?
When Daniel and his companions were exiled , the Babylonians tried to assimilate them into their culture by teaching them “ the language of the Chaldeans . ”
Moreover , the court official in charge of their training gave them Babylonian names .
The name given to Daniel referred to Bel , the main divinity of Babylon .
King Nebuchadnezzar likely wanted to impress Daniel with the idea that his God , Jehovah , had been subjected by Babylon’s god . ​ — Dan .
4 : 8 .
What helped Daniel to maintain his spiritual health while living in a foreign land ?
Although Daniel was offered food to eat from the king’s delicacies , he “ resolved in his heart ” that he would not “ defile himself . ”
Because he kept studying “ the sacred books ” in his mother tongue , he maintained his spiritual health while living in a foreign land .
Thus , some 70 years after his arrival in Babylon , he was still known by his Hebrew name . ​ — Dan .
5 : 13 .
As reflected in Psalm 119 , what effect did God’s Word have on the writer of the psalm ?
The writer of Psalm 119 found strength in God’s Word to stand out as different .
He had to put up with the scornful attitude of some members of the royal court .
Yet , he allowed God’s sayings to touch his heart deeply . ​ — Read Psalm 119 : 11 , 46 .
10 , 11 . ( a ) As we study God’s Word , what should be our aim ?
( b ) How can we reach our goal ?
Illustrate .
Although we may be very busy with theocratic and secular responsibilities , we all need to make time for personal study and family worship .
Our aim , though , should not be simply to cover a certain number of pages or solely to prepare comments to participate at meetings .
We want to make sure that we allow God’s Word to reach our heart and strengthen our faith .
To reach that goal , we should find a balance between keeping in mind the needs of others when studying and reflecting on our own spiritual needs .
We must recognize that when we prepare for the ministry , for the meetings , or for a talk , we may not necessarily apply what we read to ourselves .
To illustrate : Although a chef has to taste dishes before serving them , he cannot live merely on the food he samples .
If he wants to remain healthy , he has to prepare nutritious meals for himself .
Similarly , we should strive to nourish our heart with spiritual food that fills our personal needs .
12 , 13 .
Why do many of those serving in a foreign - language field find it beneficial to study regularly in their mother tongue ?
Many among those serving in a foreign - language field find it beneficial to study the Bible regularly in the ‘ language of their birth . ’
Even missionaries recognize that to remain strong in their foreign assignment , they cannot rely merely on the basic understanding of the spiritual food they get at the meetings .
Alain , who has been learning the Persian language for about eight years , admits : “ When I prepare for meetings in Persian , I tend to focus on the language itself .
Since my mind is mainly involved in an intellectual exercise , my heart is not necessarily touched by the spiritual thoughts I am reading .
That is why I regularly set aside time to study the Bible and other publications in my mother tongue . ”
Of what should parents make sure , and why ?
Christian parents do well to make sure that God’s Word gradually reaches their children’s minds and hearts .
After serving in a foreign - language field for over three years , Serge and his wife , Muriel , noticed that their 17 - year - old son lacked joy in theocratic activities .
“ It annoyed him to go out in the ministry in another language , whereas before he loved preaching in his native language , French , ” says Muriel .
“ When we realized that this situation had hindered our son from making spiritual advancement , ” explains Serge , “ we decided to move back to our former congregation . ”
Make sure that the truth reaches the hearts of your children ( See paragraphs 14 , 15 )
( a ) What factors might influence parents to move back to a congregation that uses the language their children best understand ?
( b ) What admonition does Deuteronomy 6 : 5 - 7 give to parents ?
What factors might influence parents to move back to a congregation that uses the language their children best understand ?
First , they should determine whether they really have enough time and resources to instill love for Jehovah in their children while at the same time teaching them a foreign tongue .
Second , they may notice in their children a lack of interest in spiritual activities or in the foreign - language field in which they are serving .
In such circumstances , Christian parents might consider moving back to a congregation that uses the language their children best understand until their children take a firm stand for the truth . ​ — Read Deuteronomy 6 : 5 - 7 .
16 , 17 .
How have some parents managed to train their children spiritually while in a foreign field ?
On the other hand , some parents have found ways to instruct their children in their native tongue while attending meetings at a foreign - language congregation or group .
Charles , a father of three girls ranging from 9 to 13 years of age , attends a Lingala - speaking group .
He explains : “ We made the decision to conduct study sessions and family worship with the children in our native language .
But we also include practice sessions and games in Lingala so that they can learn this language while having fun . ”
Make an effort to learn the local language and to participate in the meetings ( See paragraphs 16 , 17 )
Kevin , a father of two girls , aged five and eight , has taken measures to compensate for their lack of understanding at meetings held in a foreign language .
He explains : “ My wife and I have a personal study with both girls in French , their mother tongue .
We also set the goal of attending a meeting in French once a month , and we take advantage of our vacations to visit conventions held in our native language . ”
( a ) What principle found at Romans 15 : 1 , 2 can help you to determine what will be in the best interests of your children ?
( b ) What suggestions have other parents offered ?
( See endnote . )
Of course , it is up to each family to determine what will be most beneficial for the spiritual health of their children .
Muriel , quoted earlier , admits that she and her husband had to sacrifice their preferences for the spiritual benefit of their son .
( Read Romans 15 : 1 , 2 . )
In retrospect , Serge thinks that they made the right decision .
He states : “ From the time we moved back to a French - speaking congregation , our son blossomed spiritually and got baptized .
He is now serving as a regular pioneer .
He is even considering returning to a foreign - language group ! ”
19 , 20 .
How can we show our love for God’s Word ?
In his love , Jehovah has made his Word , the Bible , available in hundreds of languages so that ‘ all sorts of people may come to an accurate knowledge of the truth . ’
He knows that humans can better fill their spiritual need when they read his thoughts in the language of their heart .
Whatever our personal circumstances , though , we should be determined to feed our heart with solid spiritual food .
By regularly studying the Scriptures in the language of our heart , we will maintain our spiritual health and that of our family and we will show that we truly treasure God’s sayings . ​ — Ps . 119 : 11 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 5 ) Names have been changed .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 18 ) For a discussion of Bible principles that can help your family , see the article “ Raising Children in a Foreign Land ​ — The Challenges and the Rewards ” in the October 15 , 2002 , issue of The Watchtower .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Brothers working business territory witness to a mechanic in an auto repair garage .
They use the tract How Do You View the Bible ?
to draw his attention to God’s Word
POPULATION
PUBLISHERS
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
AS THE story goes , a boy who lived in a remote village was poor .
Thinking he was mentally slow , the townspeople laughed at him .
When visitors came , some of the villagers made fun of him in front of their friends .
They would hold out two coins , a large silver one and a small gold one that was worth twice as much as the silver coin .
“ Choose which one you want , ” they would say .
The boy would choose the silver coin and run away .
One day , a visitor asked the boy , “ Don’t you know that the gold coin is twice as valuable as the silver one ? ”
The little boy smiled and said , “ Yes , I know . ”
“ Then why do you take the silver coin ? ” the visitor asked .
“ If you take the gold one , you will have twice as much money ! ”
“ But , ” said the boy , “ if I take the gold coin , people will stop playing the game with me .
Do you know how many silver coins I have collected ? ”
The little boy in that story displayed a quality that adults could benefit from ​ — practical wisdom .
The Bible states : “ Safeguard practical wisdom and thinking ability .
Then you will walk on your way in safety , and your foot will never stumble . ”
So knowing what “ practical wisdom ” is and how to apply it actually involves our safety .
This helps us to avoid stumbling spiritually , keeping our “ foot ” stable .
Practical wisdom differs from knowledge and understanding .
A person who has knowledge accumulates information , or facts .
Someone who has understanding can see how one fact relates to another .
A person who has wisdom is able to combine knowledge with understanding and put them to work in a practical way .
For example , a person may in a relatively short time be able to read and understand the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
During his Bible study , he may answer correctly .
He may begin attending congregation meetings and even give good comments .
All of this may indicate that he is making spiritual progress , but does it mean that he has gained wisdom ?
Not necessarily .
He may just have a quick mind .
However , when he puts the truth into practice , using knowledge and understanding in a right way , he is becoming wise .
If his decisions result in success , reflecting careful forethought , it becomes clear that he has manifested practical wisdom .
Matthew 7 : 24 - 27 recounts Jesus ’ illustration of two men who each built a house .
One of the men is described as being “ discreet . ”
Thinking ahead about what could happen , that man built his house on rock .
He was farsighted and practical .
He did not reason that it would be cheaper or quicker to build his house on sand .
Wisely , he thought of the long - term consequences of his actions .
So when a storm came , his house was secure .
Now the question is , How can we gain and safeguard this valuable quality of practical wisdom ?
First , note that Micah 6 : 9 says : “ Those with practical wisdom will fear [ God’s ] name . ”
Fearing Jehovah’s name implies respecting him .
It means having wholesome reverence for what his name represents , including his standards .
To respect someone , you need to know how he thinks .
Then you can put your trust in him and learn from him , imitating his successes .
If we are concerned about the long - term effects our actions will have on our relationship with Jehovah and if we base our decisions on his standards , then we are gaining practical wisdom .
Second , Proverbs 18 : 1 says : “ Whoever isolates himself pursues his own selfish desires ; he rejects all practical wisdom . ”
If we are not careful , we could detach ourselves from Jehovah and his people .
To avoid isolation , we need to spend time with others who fear God’s name and respect his standards .
We need to be at the Kingdom Hall in person if at all possible , associating regularly with the Christian congregation .
While at the meetings , we need to open our minds and hearts and allow what is said to touch us .
Adding to this , if we pour out our hearts to Jehovah in prayer , we will draw closer to him .
When we open our minds and hearts as we read the Bible and literature provided by Jehovah’s organization , we get a glimpse of the long - term results of our actions and can act accordingly .
We also need to open our hearts to counsel given by mature brothers .
Then , instead of ‘ rejecting all practical wisdom , ’ we will be strengthening this important quality .
Practical wisdom can safeguard families .
For example , the Bible urges a wife to have “ deep respect ” for her husband .
How can a husband gain deep respect ?
If he forcefully or harshly demands it , he will have short - term results .
To avoid confrontation , the wife of such a man may show him a measure of respect when he is present .
Yet , would she be inclined to respect him when he is not there ?
Most likely that would not happen .
He needs to consider what will bring long - term results .
If he reflects the fruitage of the spirit , being loving and kind , he will earn her deep respect .
Of course , a Christian wife should show respect for her husband whether he earns it or not . ​ — Gal .
5 : 22 , 23 .
The Bible also says that a husband should love his wife .
In an effort to secure her husband’s love , a wife may reason that it is better to hide unpleasant things from him that he has a right to know .
Really , though , does that reflect practical wisdom ?
Later , when he finds out what was hidden , what will be the result ?
Will he love her more ?
That could be difficult for him .
Instead , if she finds an appropriate time to explain unpleasant things calmly , her husband will likely appreciate her honesty .
Now his love for her will grow .
How you discipline your children today will affect communication with them later
Children should obey their parents and be disciplined in Jehovah’s ways .
Does this mean that parents should make sure that a child has a long list of dos and don’ts ?
Much more is involved than just knowing the rules of the house or the punishment for misconduct .
A parent with practical wisdom helps his child to understand why he should obey .
For example , suppose a child speaks disrespectfully to one of his parents .
Speaking harshly or punishing on impulse may embarrass the child or force him into silence .
Yet , in his heart he may be resentful , which could cause him to draw away from his parents .
Parents developing practical wisdom will think about the way they discipline their children and the effect this will have on the children in the future .
Parents should not quickly react to the embarrassment of the moment .
Perhaps in private , they can calmly and lovingly reason with a child , explaining that Jehovah expects him to honor his parents for his everlasting benefit .
Then when the child shows that he respects his parents , he will realize that he is honoring Jehovah .
This kind approach could touch the child’s heart .
He senses his parents ’ sincere care , and his respect for them grows .
Now the stage is set for the child to ask for help when important matters come up later .
Some parents may feel bad about possibly hurting their child’s feelings , so they avoid giving correction .
Yet , what will happen when the child gets older ?
Will he fear Jehovah and recognize the wisdom of accepting God’s standards ?
Will he be inclined to open his heart and mind to Jehovah , or will he isolate himself spiritually ? ​ — Prov . 13 : 1 ; 29 : 21 .
A good sculptor plans ahead for what he is trying to shape .
He does not just chip away and hope for the best .
Parents with practical wisdom spend hours learning and applying Jehovah’s standards , thus fearing his name .
By not isolating themselves from Jehovah and his organization , they gain practical wisdom and use it to build up their family .
Daily , we face decisions that could affect our lives for years to come .
Instead of quickly coming up with a response and making a spur - of - the - moment decision , why not stop and think ?
Weigh the long - term consequences .
Seek Jehovah’s guidance , and apply his divine wisdom .
Then we will have safeguarded practical wisdom , and it will give us life . ​ — Prov .
3 : 21 , 22 .
“ Faith is the assured expectation of what is hoped for . ” ​ — HEB .
11 : 1 .
SONGS : 81 , 134
How did Jehovah’s ancient servants keep their faith strong ?
What provisions do we have to strengthen our faith ?
What benefits come from having a strong faith ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How does the cherished hope of true Christians differ from the hope of people in Satan’s world ?
( b ) What important questions will we now consider ?
WHAT a wonderful hope true Christians share !
All of us , whether of the anointed or of the “ other sheep , ” hope to see the fulfillment of God’s original purpose and the sanctification of Jehovah’s name .
Such expectations are the most noble any human can cherish .
We also long for the promised reward of everlasting life , either as part of God’s “ new heavens ” or as part of his “ new earth . ”
In the meantime , we hope for the continued increase of the spiritual prosperity of God’s people .
Those who are part of Satan’s world also have some sort of hope , but they may doubt whether theirs will ever be realized .
For example , millions of gamblers may hope to win a lottery , but they could hardly feel sure about that .
Real faith , on the other hand , is “ the assured expectation ” of our Christian hope .
You may wonder , though , how can your expectation become more sure ?
And what are the benefits of having a strong faith in what you hope for ?
True Christian faith is based on what fact ?
Faith is not a quality that sinful humans are born with ; nor does it develop naturally .
Christian faith is the result of God’s holy spirit working on a receptive heart .
The Bible does not say that Jehovah has or needs faith .
Because Jehovah is almighty and all - wise , nothing can stop him from fulfilling his purpose .
Our heavenly Father is so certain about the fulfillment of his promised blessings that to him they are already a reality .
Therefore , he says : “ They have come to pass ! ”

( Read Revelation 21 : 3 - 6 . )
Christian faith stems from the fact that Jehovah is “ the faithful God , ” who always does what he promises . ​ — Deut . 7 : 9 .
What hope did faithful men and women of pre - Christian times cherish ?
Chapter 11 of the book of Hebrews lists the names of 16 men and women of faith .
The inspired writer referred to them and many others who “ received a favorable witness because of their faith . ”
All of them had an “ assured expectation ” that God would raise up the promised “ offspring ” to crush Satan’s rebellion and to fulfill Jehovah’s original purpose .
Those faithful ones died before the promised “ offspring , ” Jesus Christ , opened the way to heavenly life .
Nevertheless , thanks to Jehovah’s unfailing promises , they will be resurrected to perfect human life in an earthly paradise . ​ — Ps .
37 : 11 ; Isa .

26 : 19 ; Hos .
13 : 14 .
5 , 6 .
On what did Abraham and his family members focus their hope , and how did they maintain strong faith ?
( See opening picture . )
Hebrews 11 : 13 says of some who lived in pre - Christian times : “ In faith all of these died , although they did not receive the fulfillment of the promises ; but they saw them from a distance and welcomed them . ”
One of these was Abraham .
Did he keep clear in mind the happy hope of life under the promised “ offspring ” ?
Jesus gave a clear answer to that question when he said to his opposers : “ Abraham your father rejoiced greatly at the prospect of seeing my day , and he saw it and rejoiced . ”
The same was true of Sarah , Isaac , Jacob , and many others who focused their hope on the future Kingdom , “ whose designer and builder is God . ” ​ — Heb .
11 : 8 - 11 .
How did Abraham and his family keep their faith strong ?
They likely learned about God by listening to faithful older ones , from receiving divine revelations , or from reading reliable ancient documents .
More important , they did not forget what they had learned but cherished God’s promises and requirements and meditated on them .
Because their hope was so sure , these men and women were prepared to suffer any hardship to remain loyal to God .
What provisions has Jehovah kindly made for us to develop a strong faith , and what must we do with those provisions ?
To keep our faith strong , Jehovah has kindly provided us with his complete Word , the Bible .
To be “ happy ” and to “ succeed , ” we must regularly read God’s Word , daily if possible .
How can prayer strengthen our faith ?
Prayer also played a vital part in keeping the faith of pre - Christian witnesses strong .

Their faith was strengthened as they experienced God’s answers to their prayers .



We too can pour out our concerns to Jehovah , knowing that he will hear us and strengthen us to endure with joy .
And when our prayers are answered , our faith gets stronger .
( Read 1 John 5 : 14 , 15 . )
Since faith is an aspect of the fruitage of the spirit , we need to “ keep on asking ” for God’s spirit , as Jesus urged us to do . ​ — Luke 11 : 9 , 13 .
In addition to praying for ourselves , for whom else should we pray ?
Our prayers , though , should not be limited to asking God for personal help .
“ Too numerous to recount ” are the “ wonderful works ” we can thank and praise Jehovah for daily !
Also , our prayers should reflect that we “ keep in mind those in prison , as though [ we ] were imprisoned with them . ”
And we should pray for our worldwide brotherhood , especially “ those who are taking the lead among [ us ] . ”
Our hearts are touched when we see how Jehovah answers our united prayers ! ​ — Heb .
13 : 3 , 7 .
What examples do we have of servants of God who refused to compromise their integrity , and what gave them the strength to do so ?
In Hebrews chapter 11 , the apostle Paul describes the trials that many unnamed servants of God endured .
For example , the apostle mentions women of faith who lost their sons in death but later received them back by resurrection .
Then he mentions others who “ would not accept release by some ransom , in order that they might attain a better resurrection . ”
Though we cannot be sure whom Paul had in mind , some , like Naboth and Zechariah , were stoned to death for obeying God and doing his will .
Daniel and his companions clearly had the opportunity to “ accept release ” by compromising their integrity .
Instead , their faith in God’s power enabled them , so to speak , to ‘ stop the mouths of lions ’ and ‘ quench the force of fire . ’ ​ — Heb .
11 : 33 , 34 ; Dan .
3 : 16 - 18 , 20 , 28 ; 6 : 13 , 16 , 21 - 23 .
What trials did some of the prophets endure because of their faith ?
Because of their faith , such prophets as Micaiah and Jeremiah “ received their trial by mockings . . . and prisons . ”
Others , like Elijah , “ wandered about in deserts and mountains and caves and dens of the earth . ”
All of them endured because they had an “ assured expectation of what is hoped for . ” ​ — Heb .
11 : 1 , 36 - 38 ; 1 Ki . 18 : 13 ; 22 : 24 - 27 ; Jer .
20 : 1 , 2 ; 28 : 10 , 11 ; 32 : 2 .
Who set the most outstanding example of enduring trials , and what helped him to do so ?
After describing various men and women of faith , Paul highlighted the most outstanding example of all ​ — our Lord Jesus Christ .
“ For the joy that was set before him , ” states Hebrews 12 : 2 , “ he endured a torture stake , despising shame , and has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God . ”
Indeed , we should “ consider closely ” Jesus ’ example of faith in the face of the severest of trials .
( Read Hebrews 12 : 3 . )
Like Jesus , early Christian martyrs , such as the disciple Antipas , refused to compromise their integrity .
They would have the reward of a resurrection to heavenly life ​ — surpassing the “ better resurrection ” that ancient men of faith looked forward to .
Sometime after the Kingdom’s birth in 1914 , all such faithful anointed ones , who were sleeping in death , were raised to spirit life in heaven to share with Jesus in his rulership over mankind . ​ — Rev .
20 : 4 .
13 , 14 .
What trials did Rudolf Graichen experience , and what helped him to endure ?
Millions of modern - day worshippers of God are following the example of Jesus by keeping their hope in clear focus and not allowing trials to weaken their faith .
Consider the example of Rudolf Graichen , who was born in Germany in 1925 .
He recalled pictures of Bible scenes that hung on the walls of his home .
“ One picture , ” he wrote , “ showed the wolf and the lamb , the kid and the leopard , the calf and the lion ​ — all in peace , being led by a little boy . . . .
Such pictures made a lasting impression on me . ”
Despite many years of cruel persecution , first by the Nazi Gestapo and later by the Communist Stasi of East Germany , Rudolf maintained his strong faith in an earthly paradise .
Other severe trials faced by Rudolf were the loss of his beloved mother , who died of typhus in the Ravensbrück concentration camp , and seeing his father weaken in faith to the point that he signed a document in which he renounced being one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
After being released from prison , Rudolf enjoyed the privilege of serving as a circuit overseer and was then invited to Gilead School .
He was assigned as a missionary to Chile , where he again served as a circuit overseer .
But Rudolf’s trials had still not ended .
A year after he married Patsy , a fellow missionary , their baby daughter died .
Later , his beloved wife , who was only 43 years old , also died .
Rudolf endured all these trials and , although aged and sickly , was serving as a regular pioneer and an elder when his life story appeared in the August 1 , 1997 , issue of The Watchtower , pages 20 - 25 .
What current examples do we have of Jehovah’s Witnesses joyfully enduring persecution ?
Jehovah’s Witnesses continue to rejoice in their hope despite intense and ongoing persecution .
For example , many of our brothers and sisters are imprisoned in Eritrea , Singapore , and South Korea , in most cases because of acting in harmony with Jesus ’ words not to take up the sword .
Among these hundreds of prisoners are Isaac , Negede , and Paulos , who have been in an Eritrean prison camp for over 20 years !
Denied the freedom to support their aging parents and to marry , these brothers have remained loyal in spite of severe mistreatment .
The positive look on their faces , as seen on our jw.org website , shows that they have kept their faith strong .
Even their prison guards have come to respect them .
Are you benefiting from modern - day examples of faith in your congregation ?
( See paragraphs 15 , 16 ) How can strong faith protect you ?
Most of Jehovah’s people have not had to endure severe persecution .
Their tests of faith have been different .
Many have had to endure poverty or have suffered during civil wars or natural disasters .
Others are like Moses and the patriarchs in that they have given up a life of worldly ease or fame .
They fight hard to resist being tempted to live a materialistic , self - centered lifestyle .
What is it that enables them to do this ?
Their love for Jehovah and their strong faith in the promise that he will correct all injustices and reward his faithful servants with everlasting life in a new world of righteousness . ​ — Read Psalm 37 : 5 , 7 , 9 , 29 .

What are you determined to do , and what will be discussed in the next article ?
In this article , we have seen how meditation on God’s promises and regular prayer will keep our faith strong .
That , in turn , will enable us to endure trials of faith as we focus on our Christian hope with an “ assured expectation . ”
But the Bible’s description of faith involves more , as the next article will show .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 14 ) See also the article “ Despite Trials , My Hope Has Remained Bright ” in the April 22 , 2002 , issue of Awake ! , which tells the life story of Andrej Hanák from Slovakia .

“ Faith is . . . the convincing evidence of realities that are not seen . ” ​ — HEB . 11 : 1 , ftn .
SONGS : 54 , 125
How does Noah’s example help us to understand what it means to have faith ?
In what ways must we exercise our faith ?
Why are both faith and love important ?
How should we view Christian faith ?
CHRISTIAN faith is a precious quality .
Not all humans possess it .
However , Jehovah has given to each one of his worshippers “ a measure of faith . ”
All who have it should be deeply grateful .
2 , 3 . ( a ) What blessings are possible for someone who has faith ?
( b ) What questions will we now consider ?
Jesus Christ said that his heavenly Father draws people to himself through His Son .
Acquiring faith in Jesus , in turn , makes it possible for an individual to gain forgiveness of sins .
That , then , opens up the prospect of enjoying an everlasting relationship with Jehovah .
What did we do to deserve such a wonderful blessing ?
As sinners , the only thing we deserve is death .
But Jehovah saw a potential for good in us .
Out of his undeserved kindness , he opened our heart to the good news .
So we began to exercise faith in Jesus with everlasting life in view . ​ — Read 1 John 4 : 9 , 10 .
But what exactly is faith ?
Is it limited to a mental grasp of the blessings that God has in store for us ?
And more important , in what ways must we exercise our faith ?
Explain why faith is more than just a mental process .
Faith involves much more than a mental understanding of God’s purpose .
It is a powerful motivating force that impels a person to act in harmony with God’s will .
Faith in God’s means of salvation moves a believer to share the good news with others .
The apostle Paul explained : “ If you publicly declare with your mouth that Jesus is Lord , and exercise faith in your heart that God raised him up from the dead , you will be saved .
For with the heart one exercises faith for righteousness , but with the mouth one makes public declaration for salvation . ” ​ — Rom . 10 : 9 , 10 ; 2 Cor .
4 : 13 .
Why is faith so important , and how can we keep it strong ?
Illustrate .
Clearly , our prospect of enjoying eternal life in God’s new world depends on our having faith and keeping it strong .
The need to keep our faith healthy can be likened to a plant’s need for water .
Unlike an artificial plant , a living plant keeps changing .
A live plant either withers because of a lack of water or continues to thrive with a regular supply of moisture .
If deprived of sufficient water , a once healthy plant will eventually die .
So , too , our faith .
It will wither and die if neglected .
But if we give it due attention , our faith will stay alive and keep “ growing , ” and we will be “ healthy in faith . ” ​ — 2 Thess .
1 : 3 ; Titus 2 : 2 .
In what two ways does Hebrews 11 : 1 describe faith ?
The Bible’s description of faith is found at Hebrews 11 : 1 .
( Read . )
Faith focuses on two kinds of things that are not visible to us : ( 1 ) “ What is hoped for ” ​ — this may include future events that have been promised to happen but that have not yet occurred , such as the end of all wickedness and the coming new world .
( 2 ) “ Realities that are not seen . ”
In this context , the Greek word translated “ evident demonstration ” refers to “ convincing evidence ” of an invisible reality , such as the existence of Jehovah God , Jesus Christ , the angels , and the activities of the heavenly Kingdom .
How do we prove that our hope is alive and that we believe in the unseen things spoken of in God’s Word ?
By our words and deeds ​ — without which our faith would be incomplete .
How does Noah’s example help us to understand what it means to have faith ?
( See opening picture . )
Hebrews 11 : 7 highlights the faith of Noah who , “ after receiving divine warning of things not yet seen , showed godly fear and constructed an ark for the saving of his household . ”
Noah exercised his faith by building the gigantic ark .
Without doubt , his neighbors must have asked him why he was building such a colossal structure .
Did Noah keep quiet or tell them to mind their own business ?
By no means !
His faith moved him to witness boldly and to warn his contemporaries of God’s coming judgment .
Quite likely , Noah repeated to the people the exact words that Jehovah had spoken to him : “ I have decided to put an end to all flesh , because the earth is full of violence on account of them . . .
I am going to bring floodwaters upon the earth to destroy from under the heavens all flesh that has the breath of life . Everything on the earth will perish . ”
Also , Noah no doubt explained to the people the only means of escape , repeating God’s command : “ You must go into the ark . ”
Thus , Noah further exercised his faith by being “ a preacher of righteousness . ” ​ — Gen .
6 : 13 , 17 , 18 ; 2 Pet . 2 : 5 .
What was the disciple James inspired to explain regarding the meaning of true Christian faith ?
The letter of James was likely written shortly after the apostle Paul wrote his inspired description of faith .
Like Paul , James explained that true Christian faith is not just a matter of believing ; action is involved .
“ Show me your faith without the works , ” wrote James , “ and I will show you my faith by my works . ”
James goes on to show the clear difference between mere belief and the exercising of one’s faith .
The demons believe that God exists , but they have no true faith .
Rather , they faithlessly work against the fulfillment of God’s purposes .
By contrast , referring to another ancient man of faith , James asks : “ Was not Abraham our father declared righteous by works after he offered up Isaac his son on the altar ? You see that his faith was active along with his works and his faith was perfected by his works . ”
Then to drive home the point that faith must be shown by works , James adds : “ Just as the body without spirit is dead , so also faith without works is dead . ” ​ — Jas .
2 : 21 - 23 , 26 .
9 , 10 .
How does the apostle John help us to understand the importance of exercising our faith ?
Over three decades later , the apostle John wrote his Gospel and three letters .
Did he appreciate the depth of meaning that other Bible writers had been inspired to explain respecting true Christian faith ?
More than any other Bible writer , John used the Greek verb that is sometimes translated “ exercise faith . ”
For example , John explained : “ The one who exercises faith in the Son has everlasting life ; the one who disobeys the Son will not see life , but the wrath of God remains upon him . ”
Christian faith includes a demonstration of obedience to Jesus ’ commands .
John often quoted Jesus ’ words that show that exercising faith is an ongoing process . ​ — John 3 : 16 ; 6 : 29 , 40 ; 11 : 25 , 26 ; 14 : 1 , 12 .
How can we show appreciation for knowing the truth ?
How grateful we should be that Jehovah used his holy spirit to reveal the truth to us and to enable us to exercise faith in the good news !
( Read Luke 10 : 21 . )
We should never cease thanking Jehovah for drawing us to himself through his Son , “ the Chief Agent and Perfecter of our faith . ”
To show our appreciation for such undeserved kindness , we should keep strengthening our faith through prayer and study of God’s Word . ​ — Eph .
6 : 18 ; 1 Pet . 2 : 2 .
Exercise your faith by sharing the good news at every opportunity ( See paragraph 12 )
In what ways should we exercise our faith ?
We should keep exercising our faith in Jehovah’s promises .
We must do this in ways that are clearly evident to others .
For example , we keep on preaching about God’s Kingdom and sharing in the work of making disciples .
We also keep working “ what is good toward all , but especially toward those related to us in the faith . ”
And we work hard to “ strip off the old personality with its practices , ” guarding against anything that could weaken us spiritually . ​ — Col .
3 : 5 , 8 - 10 .

How important is “ faith in God , ” and to what is it likened , and why ?
“ Without faith , ” the Bible states , “ it is impossible to please God well , for whoever approaches God must believe that he exists and that he becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him . ”
God’s Word describes “ faith in God ” as part of the “ foundation ” that is needed for anyone to become and remain a true Christian .
On that foundation , Christians must “ supply to [ their ] faith ” other important qualities “ in order to keep [ themselves ] in God’s love . ” ​ — Read 2 Peter 1 : 5 - 7 ; Jude 20 , 21 .
14 , 15 .
Compared with love , how important is faith ?
The Christian Bible writers emphasized the importance of faith by referring to it hundreds of times .
No other Christian quality is mentioned as often .
Does this mean that faith is the most important Christian quality ?
Comparing faith with love , Paul wrote : “ If I have all the faith so as to move mountains , but do not have love , I am nothing . ”
Jesus emphasized the all - important quality of love for God when he answered the question : “ Which is the greatest commandment in the Law ? ”
Love embraces many essential Christian qualities , including faith .
“ Love , ” the Bible states , “ believes all things . ”
It has faith in the things God has said in his Word of truth . ​ — 1 Cor .
13 : 4 , 7 .
16 , 17 .
How are faith and love highlighted together in the Scriptures , but which is the greatest , and why ?
Because of the importance of faith and love , Christian Bible writers highlighted these qualities together multiple times , often in the same sentence or phrase .
Paul urged his brothers to “ put on the breastplate of faith and love . ”
Peter wrote : “ Though you never saw [ Jesus ] , you love him . Though you do not see him now , yet you exercise faith in him . ”
James asked his anointed brothers : “ Did not God choose those who are poor from the world’s standpoint to be rich in faith and heirs of the Kingdom , which he promised to those who love him ? ”
John wrote : “ This is [ God’s ] commandment : that we have faith in the name of his Son Jesus Christ and love one another . ” ​ — 1 John 3 : 23 .
Although faith is essential , aspects of this quality will pass away when we see the fulfillment of God’s promises and experience the reality of our Christian hope .
But the need to grow in love for God and for our neighbor will never cease .
Thus , Paul could write : “ Now , however , these three remain : faith , hope , love ; but the greatest of these is love . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
13 : 13 .
18 , 19 .
What powerful demonstration of faith do we see today , and who deserves the credit for this ?
In our present day , Jehovah’s people have been exercising their faith in God’s established Kingdom .
This has resulted in the development of a worldwide spiritual paradise that has over eight million inhabitants .
It is a place that abounds with the fruitage of God’s spirit .
What a powerful demonstration of true Christian faith and love !
No human can take credit for this .
It has been accomplished by our God .
This wonderful work is bringing “ fame to Jehovah , an everlasting sign that will never perish . ”
Indeed , it is “ God’s gift ” that we be “ saved through faith . ”
Our spiritual paradise will continue to grow and to flourish until the whole earth is filled with perfect , righteous , and happy humans to the eternal praise of Jehovah’s name .
May we keep on exercising our faith in Jehovah’s promises !
This 1468 copy of the Digest by Emperor Justinian is one of many records that provide details about legal issues in ancient times
AT MATTHEW 13 : 24 - 26 , Jesus is quoted as saying : “ The Kingdom of the heavens may be likened to a man who sowed fine seed in his field .
While men were sleeping , his enemy came and oversowed weeds in among the wheat and left .
When the stalk sprouted and produced fruit , then the weeds also appeared . ”
Different writers have questioned whether this illustration should be considered real , yet ancient Roman legal writings suggest that it should .
“ Sowing darnel in a field for purposes of revenge . . . was a crime under Roman legislation .
The necessity for a law on the subject suggests that the action was not infrequent , ” says one Bible dictionary .
Legal scholar Alastair Kerr explains that in 533 C.E . , Roman Emperor Justinian published his Digest , a summary of Roman law and excerpts from jurists of the classical period of the law ( about 100 - 250 C.E . ) .
According to this work ( Digest , 9.2.27.14 ) , the jurist Ulpian referred to a case considered by the second - century Roman statesman Celsus .
Weeds had been sown in another person’s field , and as a result , a crop was ruined .
The Digest considers the legal remedies available to the owner , or tenant farmer , in order to obtain compensation from the perpetrator for the loss suffered .
That such malicious mischief occurred within the Roman Empire in ancient times indicates that the situation Jesus described was true to life .
DURING this time , Judea was ruled by the Romans , who were represented by a governor with troops at his command .
His main concern was to collect taxes for Rome and to maintain peace and order .
The Romans took an interest in suppressing outlawed activities and in bringing to justice any who caused disturbances .
Otherwise , the Romans were usually content to leave the day - to - day administration of the province in the hands of local leaders .
The Jewish Sanhedrin in session
The Sanhedrin functioned as the Jews ’ supreme court and governing council for matters of Jewish law .
Lower courts existed throughout Judea .
Most civil and criminal cases were probably handled by such courts without interference from Roman rulers .
One limitation imposed on the competence of Jewish courts , however , concerned the execution of criminals ​ — a right that the Romans generally reserved for themselves .
A well - known exception was when the members of the Sanhedrin tried Stephen and had him stoned to death . ​ — Acts 6 : 8 - 15 ; 7 : 54 - 60 .
The Jewish Sanhedrin thus exercised extensive jurisdiction .
Yet , “ its most serious restriction , ” notes scholar Emil Schürer , “ was that the Roman authorities could at any time take the initiative themselves and proceed independently , as in fact they did when they suspected a political offence . ”
One example of such a case occurred under the oversight of military commander Claudius Lysias , who took into custody the apostle Paul , a Roman citizen . ​ — Acts 23 : 26 - 30 .

3 A Word That Meant So Much !
4 “ Keep On Encouraging One Another Each Day ”
Jehovah God and Jesus Christ are the foremost examples of giving encouragement .
The apostle Paul also considered encouragement to be very important .
Following their lead will help all of us to make our home and the local Kingdom Hall places of love and encouragement .
9 Organized in Harmony With God’s Own Book
14 Do You Highly Esteem Jehovah’s Own Book ?
These articles answer the following questions : Why should we expect Jehovah’s worshippers to be organized ?
How can we be organized in harmony with God’s own Book ?
How can we show that we loyally support Jehovah’s organization ?
19 “ The Work Is Great ”
21 Called Out of Darkness
26 They Broke Free From False Religion These articles explain when God’s people came into Babylonian captivity and what efforts anointed Christians made in the late 1800 ’ s to understand Jehovah’s Word correctly .
We will also consider the firm stand the Bible Students took regarding Babylon the Great , and we will learn when the Babylonian captivity ended . 31 From Our Archives
“ [ Jehovah ] called you out of darkness into his wonderful light . ” ​ — 1 PET . 2 : 9 .
SONGS : 95 , 74
In what sense did God’s people come into Babylonian captivity from the second century C.E . onward ?
In the mid - 15th century , what factors contributed to a slight loosening of false religion’s grip on the people ?
In the late 1800 ’ s , what efforts did the anointed make to understand God’s Word correctly ?
Describe the events that occurred at the destruction of Jerusalem .
IN 607 B.C.E . , a massive Babylonian army under the command of King Nebuchadnezzar II invaded the city of Jerusalem .
Regarding the bloodbath that followed , the Bible says : “ [ Nebuchadnezzar ] killed their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary ; he felt no compassion for young man or virgin , old or infirm . . . .
He burned down the house of the true God , tore down the wall of Jerusalem , burned all its fortified towers with fire , and destroyed everything of value . ” ​ — 2 Chron . 36 : 17 , 19 .
What warning of Jerusalem’s impending destruction did Jehovah give , and what would happen to the Jews ?
The destruction of Jerusalem should have come as no surprise to its inhabitants .
For years , God’s prophets had warned the Jews that if they continued to disregard God’s Law , they would be delivered into the hands of the Babylonians .
Many Jews would die by the edge of the sword ; any who escaped death would likely have to spend the rest of their lives in exile in Babylon .
What was life like for exiles there ?
Does the Babylonian captivity find a parallel in Christian times ?
If so , when ?
How did exile in Babylon differ from the slavery the Israelites had experienced in Egypt ?
What the prophets had foretold came to pass .
Through Jeremiah , Jehovah advised the future exiles to accept their new situation and make the most of it .
He said : “ Build houses [ in Babylon ] and live in them .
Plant gardens and eat their fruit . And seek the peace of the city to which I have exiled you , and pray in its behalf to Jehovah , for in its peace you will have peace . ”
Those who submitted to the will of God lived a relatively normal life in Babylon .
Their captors allowed them to administer their own affairs to some extent .
The exiles even had freedom to move about the country .
Babylon was a center of trade and commerce in the ancient world , and documents that have been unearthed indicate that many Jews learned the art of buying and selling there , while others became skilled craftsmen .
Some Jews even became prosperous .
Exile in Babylon was nothing like the slavery in Egypt that the Israelites had experienced centuries before . ​ — Read Exodus 2 : 23 - 25 .
Besides rebellious Israelites , who were affected by captivity in Babylon , and what limitations were placed on their ability to worship God acceptably ?
Although the material needs of the exiled Jews were being met , what of their spiritual needs ?
Jehovah’s temple with its altar had been destroyed , and the priesthood was no longer functioning in an organized manner .
Among the exiles were faithful servants of God who had done nothing deserving of punishment , but they had to suffer along with the rest of the nation .
Nevertheless , they did what they could to observe God’s Law .
For example , in Babylon , Daniel and three of his companions ​ — Shadrach , Meshach , and Abednego — ​ abstained from foods that were forbidden to Jews .
And we know that Daniel maintained regular communication with God in prayer .
Still , under a pagan administration , it was impossible for a God - fearing Jew to do everything the Law required .
What hope did Jehovah give his people , and why was this promise remarkable ?
Would the Israelites ever again be able to worship God in a completely acceptable way ?
At the time , it seemed most unlikely that they would .
Babylon never released its captives .
That policy , however , did not take Jehovah God into account .
He had promised that his people would be liberated , and so they were .
God’s word of promise never fails . ​ — Isa .
55 : 11 .
6 , 7 .
Why is it appropriate for us to clarify our understanding of the modern - day Babylonian captivity ?
Have Christians ever experienced anything comparable to the Babylonian captivity ?
For many years , this journal suggested that God’s modern - day servants entered into Babylonian captivity in 1918 and that they were released from Babylon in 1919 .
However , for the reasons that we shall outline in this article and in the one following , a reexamination of the subject was necessary .
Consider : Babylon the Great is the world empire of false religion .
Thus , in order to be subject to Babylonian captivity in 1918 , God’s people would have had to become enslaved to false religion in some way at that time .
The facts show , however , that in the decades leading up to World War I , God’s anointed servants were actually breaking free from Babylon the Great , not becoming enslaved to it .
While it is true that the anointed were persecuted during the first world war , the tribulation they experienced was caused mainly by the secular authorities , not by Babylon the Great .
So it does not really seem that Jehovah’s people entered into captivity to Babylon the Great in 1918 .
Explain how genuine Christianity came to be corrupted .
( See opening picture . )
At Pentecost 33 C.E . , thousands of Jews and proselytes were anointed with holy spirit .
These new Christians became “ a chosen race , a royal priesthood , a holy nation , a people for special possession . ”
( Read 1 Peter 2 : 9 , 10 . )
The apostles kept careful watch over the congregations of God’s people as long as they lived .
However , especially after the death of the apostles , men arose who spoke “ twisted things ” in order to “ draw away the disciples after themselves . ”
Many of these men had responsible positions in the congregations , serving as overseers and later as “ bishops . ”
A clergy class was taking shape , although Jesus had said to his followers : “ All of you are brothers . ”
Prominent men who were enamored of the philosophies of Aristotle and Plato introduced false religious ideas , gradually replacing the pure teachings of God’s Word .
Describe how apostate Christianity received the backing of the Roman State and what resulted .
In 313 C.E . , this apostate form of Christianity was granted legal recognition by the pagan Roman Emperor Constantine .
From that time on , Church and State began working hand in hand .
For example , after the Council of Nicaea , Constantine , who was present at the council , ordered Arius , a dissenting priest , into exile because Arius refused to acknowledge Jesus as God .
Later , under Emperor Theodosius I ( 379 - 395 C.E . ) , the Catholic Church , as the contaminated form of Christianity came to be known , became the official religion of the Roman Empire .
Historians refer to pagan Rome as having been “ Christianized ” in the fourth century .
The truth is that by that time an apostate form of Christianity had joined the pagan religious organizations of the Roman Empire as members of Babylon the Great .
Even so , a small number of anointed wheatlike Christians were doing their best to worship God , but their voices were being drowned out .
( Read Matthew 13 : 24 , 25 , 37 - 39 . )
They truly were in Babylonian captivity !
On what basis could sincere people question church teachings during the first few centuries of our Common Era ?
Still , for the first few centuries of our Common Era , many people could read the Bible in either Greek or Latin .
They were thus in a position to compare the teachings of God’s Word with the dogmas of the church .
On the basis of what they read in the Bible , some among them rejected the unscriptural creeds of the church , but it was dangerous ​ — even fatal — ​ to express such opinions openly .
How did the Bible come to be under the control of the clergy ?
In time , Bible languages fell into disuse by the masses , and the church opposed efforts to translate God’s Word into the common tongues .
As a result , only the clergy and some other educated people could read the Bible for themselves , although not all of the clergy could read and write well .
Any dissent from what the church taught was severely punished .
Faithful anointed servants of God had to meet together in discreet groups ​ — if they could meet at all .
As was the case in the earlier Babylonian exile , the anointed “ royal priesthood ” could not function in an organized way .
Babylon the Great held the people in a viselike grip !
12 , 13 .
What two factors contributed to a slight loosening of the grip of Babylon the Great on the people ?
Explain .
Would true Christians ever be free to worship God openly and acceptably ?
Yes !
Glimmers of spiritual light began to penetrate the darkness , thanks to two important factors .
The first was the invention in the mid - 15th century of a printing press that used movable type .
Before printing was brought to the Western world , the Bible was painstakingly copied by hand .
Copies of the Bible were rare and expensive .
It has been said that it would take ten months for a skilled copyist to produce just one handwritten copy of the Bible !
In addition , the materials on which the copyists wrote ( vellum or parchment ) were costly .
In contrast , using a press and paper ​ — a more practical alternative — ​ a skilled printer could produce 1,300 pages per day !
Innovations in printing and courageous Bible translators helped loosen Babylon’s grip ( See paragraphs 12 , 13 )
The second notable factor was the decision by a few courageous men at the dawn of the 16th century to translate God’s Word into the languages spoken by the common people .
Many translators undertook this work at the risk of their lives .
The church was horrified .
A Bible in the hands of a God - fearing man or woman could be a dangerous weapon ​ — or so the church leaders feared !
And as the Bible became available , people did read it .
As they read , they asked questions : ‘ Where in God’s Word is there mention of purgatory ? of paid masses for the dead ? of popes and cardinals ? ’
From the point of view of the church , this was an outrage .
How dare the multitudes question church leaders !
The church fought back .
Men and women were condemned for heresy because they rejected teachings of the church , some of which were based on the pagan philosophies of Aristotle and Plato ​ — men who lived before Jesus Christ was born .
The church handed down the death sentence ; the State carried it out .
The goal was to discourage people from reading the Bible and questioning the church .
For the most part , the scheme worked .
Nevertheless , a few brave souls refused to be cowed by Babylon the Great .
They had now had a taste of God’s Word ​ — and they wanted more !
The stage was being set for a future deliverance from false religion .
( a ) What conditions contributed to a greater understanding of Bible truth in the late 1800 ’ s ?
( b ) Describe Brother Russell’s quest for the truth .
Many who thirsted for Bible truth fled to countries where the influence of the church was less pervasive .
They wanted to read and study and converse with one another without being told what to think .
It was in one such country , the United States , that Charles Taze Russell and a few associates began their systematic study of the Bible in the late 1800 ’ s .
Initially , Brother Russell’s goal was to ascertain which of the prevailing religions was teaching the truth .
He had carefully compared the teachings of many different religions , even non - Christian religions , with what the Bible says .
He soon realized that not one of those religions completely adhered to God’s Word .
At one point , he met with a number of local clergymen in hopes that these men would accept the truths that Russell and his associates had discovered from the Bible and teach them to members of their congregations .
The clergymen were not interested .
The Bible Students would have to face the facts : There could be no partnership with those determined to hold on to false religion . ​ — Read 2 Corinthians 6 : 14 .
( a ) When did Christians come under the yoke of Babylon the Great ?
( b ) What questions remain for the next article to answer ?
Thus far we have seen that true Christians came into Babylonian captivity soon after the death of the last of the apostles .
However , a number of questions arise : What additional evidence is there that in the decades leading up to 1914 , the anointed were actually breaking free from Babylon the Great , no longer being enslaved by her ?
Is it true that Jehovah was displeased with his servants because they had slowed down in their preaching activity during World War I ?
And did some of our brothers during that period compromise their Christian neutrality and thereby incur Jehovah’s displeasure ?
Finally , if Christians went into bondage to false religion from the second century C.E . onward , when did they get freed ?
Excellent questions these .
They will be answered in the next article .
“ Get out of her , my people . ” ​ — REV .
18 : 4 .
SONGS : 72 , 82
What bold stand did the early Bible Students take relative to Babylon the Great ?
Why did Jehovah’s servants need correction and discipline during World War I , but what does that not indicate ?
When were the anointed freed from Babylonian captivity ?
On what basis could God’s people hope to be liberated from Babylon the Great , and what questions will we examine ?
IN THE preceding article , we learned how faithful Christians found themselves in a form of Babylonian captivity .
The good news , though , is that they would not remain in that condition indefinitely .
God’s command “ Get out of her , my people ” would be meaningless if no one could ever escape the influence of the world empire of false religion .
( Read Revelation 18 : 4 . )
We are eager to learn when God’s people were completely freed from Babylon’s clutches !
But first , we must answer the following questions : What stand regarding Babylon the Great did the Bible Students take prior to 1914 ?
How active were our brothers in the preaching work during World War I ?
Is there a connection between their need for correction and discipline during that time and their being held in Babylonian captivity ?
What position did the early Bible Students take regarding false religion as they understood it ?
In the decades leading up to World War I , Charles Taze Russell and his associates realized that the organizations of Christendom were not teaching Bible truth .
Accordingly , they resolved to have nothing to do with false religion as they understood it .
As early as November of 1879 , Zion’s Watch Tower straightforwardly set out their Scriptural position by stating : “ Every church claiming to be a chaste virgin espoused to Christ , but in reality united to and supported by the world ( beast ) we must condemn as being in scripture language a harlot church , ” a reference to Babylon the Great . ​ — Read Revelation 17 : 1 , 2 .
What decisive action did the Bible Students take , showing that they understood the need to separate themselves from false religion ?
( See opening picture . )
God - fearing men and women knew what they must do .
They could not expect to receive God’s blessing if they continued to support false religious organizations .
Consequently , many Bible Students prepared letters of withdrawal from their churches .
In some cases , they read the letters publicly at church meetings .
Where a public reading was forbidden , some sent copies to every member of the church .
They wanted no further dealings with false religion !
In another era , such a bold move would have cost them dearly .
But in many countries in the late 1800 ’ s , the church was beginning to lose the backing of the State .
Without fear of reprisals in such countries , citizens were free to discuss religious matters and to disagree openly with the established churches .
During World War I , what was the relationship between God’s people and Babylon the Great ?
The Bible Students understood that it was not enough for them to inform relatives , close friends , and church members of their stand on false religion .
The whole world needed to see Babylon the Great for what it is ​ — a religious prostitute !
Accordingly , between December 1917 and early 1918 , the few thousand Bible Students zealously distributed 10,000,000 copies of a tract featuring the subject “ The Fall of Babylon ” ​ — a hard - hitting indictment of Christendom .
As you can imagine , the clergy were furious ; but undeterred , the Bible Students kept right on with this important work .
They were determined to obey “ God as ruler rather than men . ”
What can we conclude ? That far from becoming enslaved to Babylon the Great during the war , these Christian men and women were breaking free from its influence and were helping others to do so .
What testimony is there that the brothers were very zealous during World War I ?
In years gone by , we believed that Jehovah became displeased with his people because they did not have a zealous share in the preaching work during World War I .
We concluded that for this reason , Jehovah allowed Babylon the Great to take them captive for a short time .
However , faithful brothers and sisters who served God during the 1914 - 1918 period later made it clear that as a whole the Lord’s people did everything they could to keep the preaching work going .
There is strong evidence to support this testimony .
A more accurate understanding of our theocratic history has led to a clearer comprehension of certain events recorded in the Bible .
6 , 7 . ( a ) What challenges did the Bible Students need to overcome during World War I ?
( b ) Give examples illustrating the zeal of the Bible Students .
In actual fact , the Bible Students who were on hand during World War I ( 1914 - 1918 ) gave a tremendous witness during that time .
It was not easy for them to do so , for several reasons .
We will consider two of them .
First of all , the main work being done in those days involved the distribution of Bible literature .
When the book The Finished Mystery was banned by the secular authorities in early 1918 , preaching became difficult for many of the brothers .
They had not yet learned to preach using the Bible alone , and they had been counting on The Finished Mystery to “ do the talking ” for them .
A second factor involved the devastating outbreak of the Spanish Influenza in 1918 .
The pervasiveness of that dreadful plague made it difficult for publishers to move about freely .
In spite of these and other challenges , however , the Bible Students as a whole did their best to keep the work going .
Those Bible Students were zealous !
( See paragraphs 6 , 7 )
In 1914 alone , the small number of Bible Students presented the “ Photo - Drama of Creation ” to more than 9,000,000 people .
The Drama , as it was called , combined pictures and slides synchronized with sound and traced man’s history from the time of creation to the end of the Millennium .
It was an outstanding achievement at the time .
Think of it .
The number of people who saw that presentation in 1914 alone was greater than the total number of Kingdom publishers active in the world today !
Reports further indicate that in 1916 a total of 809,393 attended public meetings in the United States , and in 1918 the number rose to 949,444 .
Those Bible Students were zealous !
How were the spiritual needs of the brothers met during the first world war ?
During the first world war , no effort was spared to keep providing spiritual food and encouragement to the scattered Bible Students .
These provisions gave the brothers the strength to carry on the preaching work .
Richard H .
Barber , who was active during that time , recalled : “ We succeeded in keeping a few traveling overseers going and in keeping The Watch Tower in circulation and having it sent into Canada where it was banned .
I had the privilege of mailing pocket - size copies of The Finished Mystery to a number of friends who had lost their copy due to confiscation .
Brother Rutherford requested that we arrange conventions in several cities in the western United States and send speakers to try to encourage the friends as much as possible . ”
( a ) Why did God’s people need correction and discipline between 1914 and 1919 ?
( b ) Of what was the need for discipline not an indication ?
Not everything the Bible Students did during the period between 1914 and 1919 was in harmony with Scriptural principles .
Although they were sincere , the brothers did not always have a proper view of subjection to the secular governments .
Therefore , as a group , they were not always neutral with regard to the war effort .
For example , when the president of the United States decreed that May 30 , 1918 , would be set aside as a day of prayer for peace , The Watch Tower urged the Bible Students to join in the observance .
Some brothers purchased bonds to provide financial assistance to the war effort , and a few even went into the trenches with guns and bayonets .
However , it would be a mistake to conclude that the Bible Students were first taken into captivity to Babylon the Great because they needed correction and discipline .
On the contrary , they understood their obligation to separate themselves from false religion , and during World War I , the break with that world empire was almost complete . ​ — Read Luke 12 : 47 , 48 .
What firm stand did the Bible Students take with regard to the sacredness of life ?
While they did not understand every aspect of Christian neutrality as clearly as we do today , the Bible Students did know one thing : The Bible forbids the taking of human life .
So even those few brothers who took up arms and entered the trenches during World War I resolutely refused to use those arms to kill another human .
Some who refused to kill were sent to the front lines , with the expectation that they would lose their life .
How did the secular authorities react to the Bible Students ’ Scriptural stand on armed conflict ?
The Devil was clearly angry about the stand the brothers were taking with regard to the war , as imperfect as that stand was .
As a result , he framed “ trouble in the name of the law . ”
Major - General James Franklin Bell of the U.S .
Army revealed in a conversation with Brothers J .
F .
Rutherford and W .
E .
Van Amburgh that the U.S . Department of Justice had tried to introduce a bill in Congress that would allow the death sentence to be imposed on individuals who refused to take up arms in the war .
He meant the Bible Students in particular .
In the heat of anger , General Bell said to Brother Rutherford : “ That bill did not pass because [ U.S . President ] Wilson prevented it ; but we know how to get you , and we are going to do it ! ”
12 , 13 . ( a ) Why were eight responsible brothers sentenced to long prison terms ?
( b ) Did incarceration break the brothers ’ determination to obey Jehovah ?
Explain .
The authorities made good on that threat .
As representatives of the Watch Tower Society , Brothers Rutherford , Van Amburgh , and six others were arrested .
When passing sentence , the judge in the case declared : “ The religious propaganda in which these men are engaged is more harmful than a division of German soldiers . . .
They have not only called in question the law officers of the Government and the army intelligence bureau but have denounced all the ministers of all the churches .
Their punishment should be severe . ”
( Faith on the March , by A .
H .
Macmillan , p . 99 ) It was .
The eight Bible Students were sentenced to long terms of imprisonment in the federal penitentiary in Atlanta , Georgia .
When the war ended , however , they were released and the charges against them were dropped .
Even while in prison , the eight men held steadfastly to the Scriptures as they understood them .
In a petition for clemency addressed to the president of the United States , they wrote : “ The Lord’s will is as announced in the Scriptures , ‘ Thou shalt not kill , ’ and therefore any member of the [ International Bible Students ] Association so consecrated unto the Lord who would willingly violate his covenant of consecration would forfeit for himself God’s favor , even to his complete destruction .
Hence such members could not willingly and conscientiously engage in the taking of the life of human beings . ”
Bold words those !
Clearly , the brothers had no intention of compromising !
Describe from the Scriptures what took place from 1914 to 1919 .
Malachi 3 : 1 - 3 describes the time ​ — from 1914 to early 1919 — ​ when the anointed “ sons of Levi ” would undergo a period of refinement .
( Read . )
During that time , Jehovah God , “ the true Lord , ” accompanied by Jesus Christ , “ the messenger of the covenant , ” came to the spiritual temple to inspect those serving there .
After receiving needed discipline , Jehovah’s cleansed people were ready to take up a further assignment of service .
In 1919 , a “ faithful and discreet slave ” was appointed to provide spiritual food to the household of faith .
God’s people were now free of the influence of Babylon the Great .
Since that time , by Jehovah’s undeserved kindness , his people have constantly been growing in knowledge of God’s will and in love for their heavenly Father .
How grateful they are for his blessing !
How should our release from Babylon the Great affect us ?
How exhilarating it is to have been released from captivity to Babylon the Great !
Satan’s effort to eradicate true Christianity from the earth has failed miserably .
However , we must not miss the purpose for which Jehovah has granted us this freedom .
Multitudes of sincere individuals are still being held captive by false religion .
They need to be shown the way out .
We can guide them .
By all means , then , in imitation of our brothers in the past century , let us do all we can to help them get free !
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 14 ) There are many similarities between the Jewish captivity of 70 years in Babylon and what happened to Christians after the apostasy developed .
However , the Jewish captivity does not appear to be a prophetic type of what happened to Christians .
For one thing , the length of captivity is different .
So we should not try to look for prophetic parallels in every detail of the Jewish captivity as if these should somehow apply to what happened to anointed Christians in the years leading up to 1919 .
“ If you have any word of encouragement for the people , tell it . ” ​ — ACTS 13 : 15 .
SONGS : 121 , 45
Why is encouragement a power for good ?
What do the examples of Jehovah , Jesus , and the apostle Paul teach us about giving encouragement ?
How can we give encouragement that is effective ?
1 , 2 .
Show why encouragement is important .
“ MY PARENTS hardly ever encourage me , but they criticize me a lot .
And their words can be so hurtful , ” says Cristina , who is 18 years old .
“ They say that I’m immature , that I’ll never learn , and that I’m fat .
So I cry often and prefer not to talk to them .
I feel that I’m worthless . ”
How devastating life without encouragement can be !
On the other hand , encouragement is a power for good .
“ I have fought feelings of worthlessness for many years , ” says Rubén .
“ But one time , I was preaching with an elder who realized that I was having a bad day .
He listened with sympathy as I expressed my feelings .
Then he reminded me of the good I was accomplishing .
He also reminded me of Jesus ’ words ​ — that each of us is worth more than many sparrows .
I often recall that scripture , and it still touches my heart .
The elder’s words made a huge difference . ” ​ — Matt .
10 : 31 .
( a ) What did the apostle Paul say about encouragement ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
It should not surprise us that the Bible emphasizes the need for regular encouragement .
The apostle Paul wrote to the Hebrew Christians : “ Beware , brothers , for fear there should ever develop in any one of you a wicked heart lacking faith by drawing away from the living God ; but keep on encouraging one another each day , . . . so that none of you should become hardened by the deceptive power of sin . ”
You know how important the counsel to encourage one another is if you recall a time when words of encouragement lifted your spirits .
So let us consider these questions : Why is encouragement vital ?
What can we learn from the way Jehovah , Jesus , and Paul encouraged others ?
And how can we give encouragement that is effective ?
Who needs encouragement , but why is it scarce today ?
All of us need encouragement .
That is especially true when we are growing up .
“ Children . . . need encouragement like plants need water , ” explains educator Timothy Evans .
“ With encouragement , a child feels worthwhile and appreciated . ”
But we live in critical times .
People are selfish , there is little natural affection , and encouragement is scarce .
Some parents do not commend their children because their own parents never gave them any encouragement .
Many employees are not being commended , so they complain that there is a chronic shortage of encouragement in the workplace .
What does encouragement involve ?
Encouragement often involves commending a person for something he or she did well .
We can also be encouraging by reassuring others that they have good qualities or by speaking “ consolingly to those who are discouraged . ”
The Greek word usually translated “ encouragement ” literally means “ a calling to one’s side . ”
As we serve alongside our brothers and sisters , we likely have opportunities to say something encouraging .
( Read Ecclesiastes 4 : 9 , 10 . )
Do we use suitable occasions to let others know why we love and appreciate them ?
Before answering that question , we would do well to think about this proverb : “ A word spoken at the right time ​ — how good it is ! ” ​ — Prov .
15 : 23 .
Why does the Devil want to discourage us ?
Give an example .
Satan the Devil wants to discourage us because he knows that discouragement can make us weak spiritually and in other ways .
“ If you become discouraged in the day of distress , ” says Proverbs 24 : 10 , “ your strength will be meager . ”
Satan used a combination of calamities and accusations in an effort to discourage righteous Job , but that cruel scheme failed .
We can fight the works of the Devil by encouraging members of our family and of the congregation .
This will help to make our home and the Kingdom Hall places where we feel happy and secure .
7 , 8 . ( a ) What Bible examples show that Jehovah considers it important to give encouragement ?
( b ) What can parents do to follow Jehovah’s example ?
( See opening picture . )
Jehovah .
The psalmist sang : “ Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted ; he saves those who are discouraged . ”
When Jeremiah was afraid and discouraged , Jehovah built up that faithful prophet’s confidence .
And just imagine how encouraged the elderly prophet Daniel was when God sent an angel to strengthen him .
That angel called Daniel a “ very precious , ” or “ highly esteemed , ” man !
Could you similarly encourage publishers , pioneers , and older brothers and sisters whose strength is failing ?
God did not feel that because he and his dear Son had worked together for ages , there was no need to commend and encourage Jesus when he was on earth .
Instead , on two occasions Jesus heard his Father speak from heaven and say : “ This is my Son , the beloved , whom I have approved . ”
God thus commended Jesus and assured him that he was doing well .
Jesus must have felt encouraged on the two occasions when he heard these words ​ — at the beginning of his ministry and during the final year of his earthly life .
Jehovah also sent an angel to strengthen Jesus when he was in anguish on the night before his death .
If we are parents , let us follow Jehovah’s example by regularly encouraging our children and giving them commendation when they do well .
We should also give them extra support if they are facing tests of integrity day after day in school .
What can we learn from the way Jesus treated his apostles ?
Jesus .
On the night when Jesus instituted the Memorial , pride was one negative trait that he saw in his apostles .
Jesus humbly washed their feet , but they were still arguing about which one of them was the greatest ; and Peter was overconfident .
Yet , Jesus commended his faithful apostles for sticking with him in his trials .
He predicted that they would do works greater than his , and he assured them that God had affection for them .
We might ask ourselves , ‘ Shouldn’t I imitate Jesus by commending my children and others for what they do well instead of focusing on their shortcomings ? ’
10 , 11 .
How did the apostle Paul show that he saw the need to encourage others ?
The apostle Paul .
In his letters , Paul spoke highly of his fellow Christians .
He had traveled with some of them for years and undoubtedly knew their faults , but he said good things about them .
For instance , Paul described Timothy as his “ beloved and faithful child in the Lord , ” one who would genuinely care for the concerns of other Christians .
The apostle commended Titus to the Corinthian congregation as “ my companion and a fellow worker for your interests . ”
How encouraged Timothy and Titus must have been to learn what Paul thought of them !
Paul and Barnabas risked their lives by going back to places where they had suffered violent attacks .
For instance , even though they had faced fanatic opposition in Lystra , they returned there in order to encourage new disciples to remain in the faith .
In Ephesus , Paul faced an angry crowd .
Acts 20 : 1 , 2 says : “ When the uproar . . . subsided , Paul sent for the disciples , and after he had encouraged them and said farewell , he began his journey to Macedonia .
After going through those regions and giving many words of encouragement to the ones there , he arrived in Greece . ”
Giving encouragement certainly was very important to Paul .
What part do our meetings play in our giving and receiving encouragement ?
One reason why our heavenly Father has kindly arranged for us to have regular meetings is that we can give and receive encouragement there .
( Read Hebrews 10 : 24 , 25 . )
Just like Jesus ’ early followers , we meet together to learn and to be encouraged .
Cristina , who was mentioned at the beginning of this article , says : “ What I like most about the meetings is the love and encouragement I receive there .
Sometimes I feel depressed when I arrive at the Kingdom Hall .
But then sisters approach me , give me a hug , and say I look pretty .
They tell me that they love me and are pleased to see my spiritual progress .
Their encouragement makes me feel so much better ! ”
How refreshing it is when all of us play our part in “ an interchange of encouragement ” ! ​ — Rom . 1 : 11 , 12 .
Why do experienced servants of God need encouragement ?
Even experienced servants of God need encouragement .
Consider Joshua .
He had served God faithfully for many years .
Yet , Jehovah told Moses to encourage him , saying : “ Commission Joshua and encourage him and strengthen him , because he is the one who will cross over before this people and he is the one who will cause them to inherit the land that you will see . ”
Joshua was about to take on the huge responsibility of leading the Israelites in the conquest of the Promised Land .
He would face setbacks and at least one military defeat .
No wonder Joshua needed to be encouraged and strengthened !
So let us personally encourage elders , including circuit overseers , who work hard to care for the flock of God .
( Read 1 Thessalonians 5 : 12 , 13 . )
“ Sometimes the brothers give us a thank - you letter saying how much they enjoyed our visit , ” stated one circuit overseer .
“ We keep these letters and read them when we are feeling low .
They are a real source of encouragement . ”
Our children thrive when we warmly encourage them ( See paragraph 14 )
What shows that commendation and encouragement are effective when we are giving counsel ?
Christian elders and parents find that commendation and encouragement are effective in emphasizing Bible counsel .
When Paul commended the Corinthians for applying his counsel , they must have been encouraged to continue doing what was right .
Andreas , who has two children , says : “ Encouragement helps children to grow up spiritually and emotionally .
You nail down counsel by giving encouragement .
Even though our kids know what is right , doing the right thing becomes their way of life through our constant encouragement . ”
What is one step we can take to encourage others ?
Show appreciation for the fine efforts and positive qualities of fellow worshippers .
Jehovah and Jesus greatly value what all of us do to support Kingdom interests , even if our efforts and contributions are limited because of our circumstances .
( Read Luke 21 : 1 - 4 ; 2 Corinthians 8 : 12 . )
For instance , some of our dear elderly ones make great effort to attend and share in meetings and the ministry regularly .
Should we not commend and encourage them ?
Why should we never hold back from encouraging others ?
Seize opportunities to encourage others .
If we see something that merits commendation , why hold back ?
Consider what happened when Paul and Barnabas were at Antioch in Pisidia .
The presiding officers of the synagogue there told them : “ Men , brothers , if you have any word of encouragement for the people , tell it . ”
Paul responded by giving a fine talk .
If we can offer a word of encouragement , why not speak up ?
We will very likely find that if we make it a habit to be encouraging , people will encourage us in return . ​ — Luke 6 : 38 .
What gives deep meaning to our words of commendation ?
Be sincere and specific .
General words of encouragement and commendation are helpful , but Jesus ’ message to Christians in Thyatira shows that being specific is better .
( Read Revelation 2 : 18 , 19 . )
If we are parents , for example , we could tell our children what we appreciate about the spiritual progress they are making .
We might tell a single mother what impresses us regarding the way she is raising her children despite her challenging situation .
Such commendation and encouragement can do so much good !
18 , 19 .
How can we build up those needing encouragement ?
Jehovah will not personally tell us to say something encouraging to a particular individual as he told Moses to encourage and strengthen Joshua .
Yet , God is pleased when we speak encouragingly to fellow believers and others .
For instance , we might tell a public speaker how his talk gave us advice we needed or helped us to understand a certain scripture .
“ Although we spoke for only a few minutes , ” wrote a sister to a visiting speaker , “ you saw my heavy heart , and you comforted and uplifted me .
I want you to know that when you spoke in such a kind way , both from the platform and in person , I felt that it was a gift from Jehovah . ”
We will very likely find many ways to build others up spiritually if we are determined to apply Paul’s counsel : “ Keep encouraging one another and building one another up , just as you are in fact doing . ”
All of us will surely please Jehovah if we “ keep on encouraging one another each day . ”
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 1 ) Some names have been changed .
“ Jehovah founded the earth in wisdom . He solidly established the heavens in discernment . ” ​ — PROV .
3 : 19 .
SONGS : 6 , 24
What convinces you that Jehovah is the incomparable Organizer ?
Why is it reasonable to conclude that Jehovah’s worshippers would be organized ?
How does the counsel in God’s Word help us to maintain cleanness , peace , and unity ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How do some react to the thought that God has an organization ?
( b ) What will we discuss in this article ?
DOES God have an organization ?
“ You don’t need an organization to direct you , ” some may say .
“ All you need is a personal relationship with God . ”
Is that viewpoint correct ?
What do the facts indicate ?
In this article , we will discuss evidence that Jehovah , the God of order , is the incomparable Organizer .
We will also consider how we should respond to the direction we receive from Jehovah’s organization .
In the first century C.E . and in our day , the Scriptures have helped the earthly part of Jehovah’s organization to do the far - reaching work of preaching the good news .
Because we stick to the Bible and comply with organizational instructions , we promote the cleanness , peace , and unity of the entire congregation .
What convinces you that Jehovah is the incomparable Organizer ?
Creation proves that God is the incomparable Organizer .
“ Jehovah founded the earth in wisdom , ” says the Bible . “ He solidly established the heavens in discernment . ”
We know only “ the fringes of [ God’s ] ways , ” and “ only a faint whisper has been heard of him . ”
Yet , the little we know about planets , stars , and galaxies moves us to acknowledge that these celestial bodies are superbly organized .
Galaxies consist of millions of stars , all moving in space in an orderly way .
Why , planets in our solar system travel in orbits around the sun as though they were humbly obeying traffic laws !
Surely the mind - boggling order evident in the universe helps us to see that Jehovah , who “ skillfully made the heavens ” and the earth , deserves our praise , loyalty , and worship . ​ — Ps . 136 : 1 , 5 - 9 .
Why has science failed to answer many questions ?
Science has revealed much about the universe and our earthly home , and it has brought us advantages in various aspects of life .
But there are many questions science has not been able to answer .
For instance , astronomers cannot tell us exactly how the universe came into existence or why we are on planet Earth with its abundance of life .
Also , people in general cannot explain why mankind has a strong desire to live forever .
Why are there so many important but unanswered questions ?
Partly because numerous scientists and others tend to promote godless thinking and endorse the theory of evolution .
But in his own Book , Jehovah answers questions weighing on the hearts of people everywhere .
In what ways are we dependent on the laws of nature ?
We are dependent on the consistent and reliable laws of nature established by Jehovah .
Electricians , plumbers , engineers , pilots , surgeons ​ — all of them depend on these laws in order to do their work .
For instance , surgeons count on the fact that the human anatomy is basically consistent .
So a surgeon does not have to search for a patient’s heart .
And all of us respect the laws of nature .
Trying to defy the law of gravity might cost us our life !
Why should we expect Jehovah’s worshippers to be organized ?
The universe truly is a marvel of organization .
Surely , then , we should expect that Jehovah wants his worshippers to be well - organized .
In fact , to that end God has provided the Bible for our guidance .
Living without the help of God’s organization and his standards would result in unhappiness and misery .
What shows that the Bible is a well - organized book ?
The Bible is no mere collection of unrelated Jewish and Christian literature .
Rather , it is a well - organized book ​ — a divinely inspired masterpiece .
The individual books of the Bible are interconnected .
Interwoven from Genesis to Revelation is the Bible’s central theme ​ — the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty and the fulfillment of his purpose for the earth by means of his Kingdom under Christ , the promised “ offspring . ” ​ — Read Genesis 3 : 15 ; Matthew 6 : 10 ; Revelation 11 : 15 .
Why can we say that the Israelites were well - organized ?
The people of ancient Israel were a model of organization .
Under the Mosaic Law , for example , there were “ women who were organized to serve at the entrance of the tent of meeting . ”
The moving of the Israelite camp and the tabernacle took place in an orderly way .
Later , King David organized the Levites and the priests into effective divisions .
And when they obeyed Jehovah , the Israelites were blessed with order , peace , and unity . ​ — Deut . 11 : 26 , 27 ; 28 : 1 - 14 .
What shows that the first - century Christian congregation was organized ?
The first - century Christian congregation was organized , and it benefited from the direction of the governing body , initially made up of the apostles .
Later , additional brothers were added to that governing body .
Counsel and instructions were also provided by means of inspired letters written by men who were members of or closely associated with the first - century governing body .
How did the congregations benefit from following the direction of the governing body ?
What resulted when the early congregations observed the decrees decided on by the governing body ?

( See opening picture . )
Read Acts 16 : 4 , 5 .
Brothers traveling on behalf of the governing body shared “ the decrees that had been decided on by the apostles and the elders who were in Jerusalem . ”
As congregations observed those decrees , they “ continued to be made firm in the faith and to increase in number day by day . ”
Does this Bible account contain a lesson that we are wise to apply within God’s organization today ?
How should appointed men respond to the direction they receive from God’s organization ?
What should members of Branch Committees or Country Committees , circuit overseers , and congregation elders do when they receive direction from God’s organization today ?
Jehovah’s own Book directs all of us to be obedient and submissive .
A critical or rebellious spirit has no place in God’s organization , for such an attitude could disrupt our loving , peaceful , and united congregations .
Of course , no loyal Christian would want to display a disrespectful and disloyal spirit like that of Diotrephes .
( Read 3 John 9 , 10 . )
We might well ask ourselves : ‘ Do I contribute to the spirituality of those around me ?
Am I quick to accept and support the direction given by the brothers taking the lead ? ’
What adjustment has been made in how elders and ministerial servants are appointed ?
Consider a recent decision made by the Governing Body .
“ Questions From Readers ” in The Watchtower of November 15 , 2014 , outlined an adjustment in how elders and ministerial servants are appointed .
The article noted that the first - century governing body authorized traveling overseers to make such appointments .
In line with that pattern , since September 1 , 2014 , circuit overseers have been appointing elders and ministerial servants .
The circuit overseer tries to get to know the men who are recommended and to work with them in the field service if possible .
He also observes the family of the brother under consideration .
The body of elders and the circuit overseer carefully consider the Scriptural qualifications for ministerial servants and elders . ​ — 1 Tim .
3 : 1 - 10 , 12 , 13 ; 1 Pet . 5 : 1 - 3 .
How can we show our support for the direction we receive from the elders ?
We need to follow the Bible - based direction we receive from the elders .
These loyal shepherds within God’s organization are guided by “ wholesome , ” or “ healthful ; beneficial , ” instruction found in God’s own Book .
Recall Paul’s counsel regarding disorderly ones in the congregation .
Some individuals were ‘ not working at all but were meddling with what did not concern them . ’
They were evidently admonished by the elders but persisted in disregarding the counsel .
How was the congregation to deal with such a person ?
Paul directed : “ Keep this one marked and stop associating with him . ”
That counsel was balanced with the caution not to treat such a person as an enemy .
Today , elders may give a warning talk about someone’s persisting in a course that reflects badly on the congregation , such as dating an unbeliever .
How do you react when the elders find it necessary to give such a talk ?
If you are aware of the situation described in the talk , will you take care to avoid socializing with such an individual ?
Your loving concern and firm stand may move the person to abandon a disorderly course .
How can we contribute to the congregation’s cleanness ?
We can contribute to the spiritual cleanness of the congregation by following the direction found in God’s Word .
Consider the situation in ancient Corinth .
Paul had poured himself out preaching in that city , and he loved his fellow “ holy ones ” there .
But how troubling it must have been for him to have to address the problem of sexual immorality that was being tolerated in that congregation !
Paul directed the elders to hand the immoral man over to Satan ​ — in other words , to disfellowship him .
To preserve the congregation’s purity , the elders needed to clear out the “ leaven . ”
When we support the elders ’ decision to disfellowship an unrepentant wrongdoer , we help to maintain the cleanness of the congregation and perhaps move the person to repent and seek Jehovah’s forgiveness .
How can we maintain peace in the congregation ?
Another problem in Corinth had to be addressed .

Some brothers were taking fellow believers to court .
Paul asked them a sobering question : “ Why not rather let yourselves be wronged ? ”
Similar situations have arisen today . At times , peace among spiritual brothers has been disrupted because a failed business venture led to loss of money and perhaps to accusations of fraud .
Some have taken their brothers to court , but God’s own Book helps us to see that it is better to suffer loss than to bring reproach on God’s name or disturb the peace of the congregation .
To resolve serious problems and disputes , we should of course apply Jesus ’ counsel .
( Read Matthew 5 : 23 , 24 ; 18 : 15 - 17 . )
When we do so , we promote unity in the family of Jehovah’s worshippers .
Why should we expect God’s people to be united ?
Jehovah’s own Book shows why we should expect his people to be united .
The psalmist sang : “ Look ! How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity ! ”
When they obeyed Jehovah , the Israelites were organized and unified .
Foretelling the future condition of his people , God declared : “ In unity I will place them , like sheep in the pen . ”
Moreover , Jehovah foretold through the prophet Zephaniah : “ I will change the language of the peoples to a pure language [ of Scriptural truth ] , so that all of them may call on the name of Jehovah , to serve him shoulder to shoulder [ or , “ worship him in unity , ” ftn . ] . ”
How grateful we are to have the privilege of worshipping Jehovah in unity !
Elders endeavor to give spiritual help to one who has taken a false step ( See paragraph 17 )
To maintain a congregation’s unity and cleanness , how should the elders handle cases of wrongdoing ?
If unity and cleanness are to be maintained in a congregation , the elders must care for judicial matters promptly and in a loving way .
Paul knew that God’s love is not guided by mere sentiment , and He does not turn a blind eye to wrongdoing .
So Paul did not hold back from writing First Corinthians , a strong yet loving letter .
Second Corinthians , written some months later , shows that progress was made because the elders had applied the apostle’s direction .
If a Christian takes a false step before he is aware of it , qualified men should try to readjust him in a spirit of mildness . ​ — Gal .
6 : 1 .
( a ) In what ways did counsel provided in God’s Word help the first - century congregations ?
( b ) What will be discussed in the next article ?
It is clear that the inspired counsel in God’s own Book helped first - century Christians in Corinth and elsewhere to maintain cleanness , peace , and unity in their congregations .
As a result , our brothers and sisters of that time were able to accomplish much in the ministry .
In fact , Paul could say that the good news “ was preached in all creation under heaven . ”
Today , knowledge of God’s wonderful purposes is being spread throughout the earth as a result of the efforts of those who are part of one united preaching organization .
The next article will give further proof that these ones highly esteem the Bible and are determined to honor the Sovereign Lord Jehovah . ​ — Ps .
71 : 15 , 16 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 13 ) See Organized to Do Jehovah’s Will , pp . 134 - 136 .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 15 ) For information about situations in which one Christian might decide to take legal action against another Christian , see “ Keep Yourselves in God’s Love , ” p . 223 , ftn .
“ When you received God’s word , . . . you accepted it . . . just as it truthfully is , as the word of God . ” ​ — 1 THESS .
2 : 13 .
SONGS : 96 , 94
What counsel does the Bible give about controlling our emotions ?
Why can we say that Jehovah’s chariot is on the move ?
How can you show that you fully support Jehovah’s organization ?
1 - 3 .
How might the differences between Euodia and Syntyche have arisen , and how can such problems be avoided ?
( See opening picture . )
JEHOVAH’S servants highly esteem God’s own holy book , the Bible .
Being imperfect , we all receive Scriptural counsel at times .
How will we respond to it ?
Consider the first - century Christians Euodia and Syntyche .
Serious problems arose between these anointed women .
What problems ?
The Bible does not say .
But for the sake of illustration , consider the following possibility .
Suppose Euodia invited some brothers and sisters to her home for a meal and pleasant association .
Syntyche was not invited , but she heard about the good time that everyone had .
Syntyche may have said : ‘ I cannot believe that Euodia did not invite me !
I thought we were best friends . ’
Feeling betrayed , Syntyche began to look at Euodia with doubt and even suspicion .
So Syntyche arranged her own gathering and invited the same brothers and sisters ​ — but not Euodia !
The problem that existed between Euodia and Syntyche could have disrupted the peace of the whole congregation .
The Bible does not tell us the outcome , but these sisters may have responded well to the apostle Paul’s loving counsel . ​ — Phil .
4 : 2 , 3 .
Similar situations sometimes cause difficulties in congregations of Jehovah’s people today .
However , such problems can be solved or even avoided if we apply the counsel found in God’s Word , the Bible .
And if we highly esteem Jehovah’s own Book , we will live by its instructions . ​ — Ps .
27 : 11 .
4 , 5 .
What counsel does God’s Word give us about controlling our emotions ?
It is not easy to control our emotions when we feel that we have been slighted or treated unjustly .
It can be devastating if we are mistreated because of our ethnic background , the color of our skin , or some other physical difference .
How much greater the pain is if it is caused by a fellow Christian !
Does God’s Word provide counsel to help us if we face this ugly side of imperfect human behavior ?
Jehovah has observed human relations since mankind’s beginning .
He takes note of our emotions and actions .
Thoughts , including those that are emotionally charged , can lead to words and actions we may later regret .
How wise it is to apply the Bible’s counsel to control our temper and avoid being quick to take offense !
( Read Proverbs 16 : 32 ; Ecclesiastes 7 : 9 . )
No doubt all of us need to work at being less sensitive and more forgiving .
Jehovah and Jesus take forgiveness very seriously .
Do you need to be more forgiving or to give attention to controlling your emotions ?
Why should we guard against bitterness ?
People who fail to control their emotions often become bitter .
As a result , others may not want to be around them .
A bitter individual can exert a bad influence in the congregation .
He may try to disguise his bitterness or even his hatred , but negative thoughts lurking in his heart “ will be exposed in the congregation . ”
The elders may be able to help such individuals to see that bitterness , hatred , and the harboring of grudges are traits that have no place in God’s organization .
Jehovah’s own priceless Book is very clear about this .
Do you agree with it ?
7 , 8 . ( a ) How does Jehovah lead the earthly part of his organization ?
( b ) What are some of the directives found in God’s Word , and why should we obey them ?
Jehovah leads and feeds those in the earthly part of his organization by means of “ the faithful and discreet slave ” under the direction of Christ , the “ head of the congregation . ”
Like the first - century governing body , this slave accepts God’s inspired word , or message , and highly esteems it .
( Read 1 Thessalonians 2 : 13 . )
What are some directives , or instructions , provided in the Bible for our benefit ?
The Bible directs us to attend meetings regularly .
It urges us to promote unity of doctrine .
God’s Word tells us to give the Kingdom first place in our lives .
The Scriptures also emphasize our duty and privilege to preach from house to house , in public places , and informally .
God’s own Book directs Christian elders to keep his organization clean .
And Jehovah decrees that all those in his organization must be clean physically and spiritually . ​ — 2 Cor .
7 : 1 .
What is the only channel that is being used to help us understand God’s Word ?
Some may feel that they can interpret the Bible on their own .
However , Jesus has appointed the ‘ faithful slave ’ to be the only channel for dispensing spiritual food .
Since 1919 , the glorified Jesus Christ has been using that slave to help his followers understand God’s own Book and heed its directives .
By obeying the instructions found in the Bible , we promote cleanness , peace , and unity in the congregation .
Each one of us does well to ask himself , ‘ Am I loyal to the channel that Jesus is using today ? ’
How is the heavenly part of Jehovah’s organization described in the book of Ezekiel ?
Jehovah’s written Word acquaints us with the heavenly part of his organization .
For example , the prophet Ezekiel received a vision in which the heavenly part of God’s organization is represented by a celestial chariot .
Jehovah rides on this chariot , and it goes wherever his spirit impels it to go .
In turn , the heavenly part of his organization influences the earthly part .
The chariot certainly has been on the move !
Think about the many organizational changes that have been made during the past decade ​ — and bear in mind that Jehovah is behind such developments .
With Christ and the holy angels about to destroy this wicked world , Jehovah’s chariot is rapidly moving toward the vindication of his sovereignty and the sanctification of his holy name !
How thankful we are for the many construction volunteers who work on projects tirelessly ! ( See paragraph 11 )
11 , 12 .
What are some things being accomplished by Jehovah’s organization ?
Reflect on what the earthly part of God’s organization has been accomplishing in these last days .
Construction .
Hundreds of workers were very busy building the new headquarters of Jehovah’s Witnesses at Warwick , New York , U.S.A .
Under the direction of the Worldwide Design / ​ Construction Department , thousands of volunteers worldwide are working hard to build new Kingdom Halls and expand branch facilities .
How thankful we are for the many willing volunteers who work tirelessly on such projects !
Remember that Jehovah is blessing the Kingdom proclaimers earth wide who humbly and loyally contribute what they can to help finance such projects . ​ — Luke 21 : 1 - 4 .
Education .
Consider the various schools that promote divine education .
We have the Pioneer Service School , the School for Kingdom Evangelizers , Gilead School , Bethel Entrants ’ School , the School for Circuit Overseers and Their Wives , the School for Congregation Elders , the Kingdom Ministry School , and the School for Branch Committee Members and Their Wives .
How Jehovah loves to educate his people !
Bible education is also promoted on our website , jw.org , where we have literature available in hundreds of languages .
The site has special sections for children and for families as well as a section with news items .
Have you been using jw.org in your ministry and in your family worship ?
What responsibility do we as Jehovah’s loyal worshippers have ?
What a privilege it is to be part of Jehovah’s organization !
With our knowledge of God’s requirements and standards comes the responsibility to do what is right and uphold his sovereignty .
As this world sinks deeper and deeper into debauchery , we must “ hate what is bad , ” as Jehovah does .
We refuse to join the ungodly and say : “ Good is bad and bad is good . ”
Because we want to please God , we strive to remain clean physically , morally , and spiritually .
We love Jehovah and put our trust in him ; we choose to show our loyalty to him by living up to the standards clearly outlined in his own precious Book .
And we make every effort to comply with those standards at home , in the congregation , on the job , at school ​ — everywhere .
Consider further ways we can prove our loyalty to God .
How can Christian parents show loyalty to God ?
Child - rearing .
Christian parents display loyalty to Jehovah by training their children according to his Word .
Godly parents are not unduly influenced by local cultural views about child - rearing .
The spirit of the world is unacceptable in a Christian home .
A baptized Christian father will not think , ‘ Well , in our country the women teach the children . ’
The Bible is clear on this subject when it says : “ Fathers , . . . go on bringing [ your children ] up in the discipline and admonition [ instruction ; guidance ] of Jehovah . ”
God - fearing fathers and mothers want their children to be like Samuel , for Jehovah was with him while he was growing up . ​ — 1 Sam .
3 : 19 .
How do we show our loyalty to Jehovah when we are making major decisions ?
Making decisions .
When we make major decisions in life , one way to demonstrate our loyalty to God is by seeking help from his written Word and organization .
To illustrate the importance of doing so , consider a sensitive subject that affects many parents .
It is a practice among certain immigrants to send their newborn babies to relatives to be cared for so that the parents can continue working and making money in their new country .
Yes , this is a personal decision , but we should bear in mind that God holds us responsible for the decisions we make .
( Read Romans 14 : 12 . )
Would it be wise to make important decisions about our family and our livelihood without first consulting the Bible ?
Of course not !
We need our heavenly Father’s help because we are unable to direct our own steps . ​ — Jer .
10 : 23 .
When her son was born , what choice did one mother have to make , and what helped her to make the right one ?
One woman who gave birth to a baby boy while living in a foreign country was going to send the child back to her homeland to be cared for by his grandparents .
At the time of the birth , one of Jehovah’s Witnesses began to study the Bible with the woman .
She made good progress and learned that it was her God - given duty to raise her child to worship Jehovah .
The young woman poured out her heart to Jehovah , as the Scriptures tell us to do .
She also opened her heart to her Bible teacher and spoke to others in the congregation .
Despite pressure from her relatives and friends to send her child to the grandparents , she concluded that it was not right to do so .
Her husband was so impressed by the way the congregation proved to be a refuge for her and the baby that he accepted a Bible study and began to attend meetings with his wife and child .
Do you think that this mother felt that Jehovah answered her heartfelt prayer ?
Undoubtedly , she did feel that way .
What direction have we received regarding Bible students ?
Following direction .
An important way that we display loyalty to God is by following the direction we receive from his organization .
For example , consider the suggestions we have been given regarding our Bible students .
It has been recommended that soon after establishing a personal study with someone in the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
we take a few minutes after each study to direct the student’s attention to the organization .
We can do this by using the video What Happens at a Kingdom Hall ?
and the brochure Who Are Doing Jehovah’s Will Today ?
It has been suggested that when we finish studying the Bible Teach book with a progressive student , we study the book “ Keep Yourselves in God’s Love ” with him , even if he is baptized by that time .
The organization has given this direction so that new disciples will be “ stabilized in the faith . ”
Are you following such suggestions from Jehovah’s organization ?
18 , 19 .
What are some reasons why we should be thankful to Jehovah ?
There are many reasons why we should be thankful to Jehovah !
We owe him our very life , for without him we would not even move or exist .
He has given us a very precious gift ​ — his own book , the Bible .
We gratefully accept it as God’s message , even as the Christians in Thessalonica received God’s word and accepted it . ​ — 1 Thess .
2 : 13 .
With the written Word of God in hand , we have drawn close to Jehovah and he has drawn close to us .
Our heavenly Father has granted us the wonderful privilege of being part of his organization .
How we appreciate such blessings !
The psalmist put matters beautifully when he sang : “ Give thanks to Jehovah , for he is good ; his loyal love endures forever . ”
Twenty - six times in Psalm 136 , we find the refrain “ his loyal love endures forever . ”
By proving loyal to Jehovah and his organization , we will experience the truthfulness of those heartening words because we will live forever !
3 Life Story ​ — Becoming “ All Things to People of All Sorts ”
8 By Undeserved Kindness You Were Set Free
13 ‘ Setting Your Mind on the Spirit Means Life and Peace ’
In Romans chapters 6 and 8 , we find vital information related to our life as Christians .
Studying that material can help us to benefit from God’s undeserved kindness and to maintain our focus on what will result in our everlasting good .
18 Do You Remember ?
19 Throw All Your Anxiety on Jehovah
24 Jehovah Rewards Those Who Earnestly Seek Him
The first of these two articles discusses how we can throw all our anxiety on God .
The second article explains how we can strengthen our faith by being firmly convinced that God rewards those who earnestly seek him .
It also shows how the hope of a reward benefits us .
29 A Mild Temper ​ — The Way of Wisdom
32 Subject Index for The Watchtower 2016
LIFE STORY
As told by Denton Hopkinson
“ If you get baptized , I will leave you ! ”
My father threatened my mother with those words in 1941 .
Despite his threat , she decided to go ahead and get baptized in symbol of her dedication to Jehovah God .
Making good on his threat , my father left .
I was only eight years old at the time .
MY INTEREST in Bible truth had already been aroused earlier .
My mother had obtained Bible publications , and I became engrossed in their contents , particularly the illustrations .
My father did not want my mother to talk to me about what she was learning .
However , I was curious and asked questions , so she studied with me when my father was out of the house .
As a result , I too decided that I wanted to dedicate my life to Jehovah .
I was baptized in Blackpool , England , in 1943 at the age of ten .
From that time on , my mother and I shared regularly in the field service together .
To introduce the Bible’s message , we used phonographs .
These were rather bulky and weighed about ten pounds ( 4.5 kg ) .
Just imagine me , a young boy , lugging one of those !
By the time I was 14 years old , I wanted to pioneer .
My mother said that I should first speak to the servant to the brethren ( now called a circuit overseer ) .
He suggested that I try to get some kind of skill to support me in the pioneer service .
So I did that .
After working for two years , I consulted another circuit overseer about pioneering .
He said , “ Go for it ! ”
Thus , in April 1949 , my mother and I disposed of the furniture in our rented house and moved to Middleton , near Manchester , where we began pioneering .
After four months , I selected a brother as my pioneer partner .
The branch office suggested that we move to a newly established congregation in Irlam .
My mother pioneered with a sister in another congregation .
Although I was only 17 years old , my partner and I were given the responsibility of conducting meetings because there were few qualified brothers in the new congregation .
Later , I was invited to transfer to the Buxton Congregation , which had very few publishers and needed help .
I have always viewed those early experiences as training for future assignments .
Advertising a public lecture with others in Rochester , New York , 1953
In 1951 , I filled out an application to attend the Watchtower Bible School of Gilead .
However , in December 1952 , I was called to report for military service .
I sought an exemption on the basis of being a full - time minister , but the court would not acknowledge that I was a minister and sentenced me to six months in prison .
While there , I received my invitation to the 22nd class of Gilead .
So it was that in July 1953 , I was on board the ship called Georgic , heading toward New York .
Upon arrival , I was able to attend the 1953 New World Society Assembly .
I then traveled by train to South Lansing , New York , where the school was located .
Fresh out of prison , I had little money .
When I got off the train , a shuttle bus was to take me to South Lansing , and I had to borrow the 25 - cent fare from a fellow passenger .
Gilead School provided wonderful training to help us to “ become all things to people of all sorts ” in the missionary work .
Three of us ​ — Paul Bruun , Raymond Leach , and I — ​ were assigned to the Philippines .
We had to wait several months for our visas ; then we were on our way by ship via Rotterdam , the Mediterranean Sea , the Suez Canal , the Indian Ocean , Malaysia , and Hong Kong ​ — 47 days at sea !
We finally reached Manila on November 19 , 1954 .
Missionary companion Raymond Leach and I traveled 47 days by ship to the Philippines
Then started the adjustment to a new people , a new land , and even a new language .
However , the three of us were initially assigned to a congregation in Quezon City , where many of the residents spoke English .
Thus , after six months , we knew only a few words of Tagalog .
Our next assignment would help solve that problem .
One day in May 1955 when we arrived home from field service , Brother Leach and I found a pack of letters in our room .
We learned that we were being assigned as circuit overseers .
I was only 22 years old , but this assignment gave me the opportunity to “ become all things to people of all sorts ” in new ways .
Delivering a public lecture at a Bicol - language circuit assembly
For example , I gave my first public talk as a circuit overseer in front of a village store out in the open .
I soon learned that it was the custom in the Philippines in those days for a public talk to be really public !
As I visited different congregations in the circuit , I delivered talks in public gazebos , at markets , in front of municipal halls , on basketball courts , in parks , and often on city street corners .
Once in San Pablo City , a downpour prevented me from giving a talk at a public market , so I suggested to the responsible brothers that it be given in the Kingdom Hall .
Afterward , the brothers asked whether this could be reported as a public meeting , since it was not held in a public place !
Accommodations were always in brothers ’ homes .
Even though the homes were simple , they were always clean .
My bed was often a woven mat on a wooden floor .
Bathing facilities lacked privacy , so I learned to bathe modestly out in the open .
I traveled by jeepney and bus and sometimes by boat when going to other islands .
Through all my years of service , I have never owned a car .
Working in the field ministry and visiting congregations helped me to learn Tagalog .
I never had a formal language course , but I learned by listening to brothers in the field service and at the meetings .
The brothers wanted to help me learn , and I appreciated their patience and honest comments .
As time went by , new assignments prompted me to make more adjustments .
In 1956 when Brother Nathan Knorr visited , I was assigned to care for public relations at the national convention .
I had no experience , so others willingly helped me learn .
Less than a year later , another national convention was arranged and Brother Frederick Franz from world headquarters visited .
While serving as convention overseer , I learned from Brother Franz’s willingness to adjust to the people .
The local brothers were pleased to see Brother Franz wearing the barong Tagalog , traditional Filipino attire , when giving the public talk .
I needed to make more adjustments when I was assigned as a district overseer .
At that time , we showed the film The Happiness of the New World Society , almost always outdoors in public places .
At times , we were bothered by insects .
They were attracted by the projector light and got stuck in the projector .
It was quite a job cleaning the projector afterward !
It was not easy arranging these showings , yet it was satisfying to see the fine response of the people as they got acquainted with the international aspect of Jehovah’s organization .
Catholic priests pressured some local authorities not to give us permits for assemblies .
Or they would try to drown out our program by ringing the church bells whenever talks were held near their churches .
Still , the work progressed , and many in those areas are now worshippers of Jehovah .
In 1959 , I received a letter informing me that I had been assigned to serve at the branch office .
This resulted in many more learning experiences .
In time , I was asked to make zone visits to other countries .
On one of these trips , I got acquainted with Janet Dumond , a missionary in Thailand .
We corresponded for some time and later married .
We have enjoyed 51 years of satisfying service together as a married couple .
With Janet on one of the many islands in the Philippines
In all , I have had the pleasure of visiting Jehovah’s people in 33 countries .
How thankful I am that my earlier assignments helped prepare me for the unique challenges of dealing with such a diversity of people !
These visits broadened my viewpoint even more and helped me to see how Jehovah’s love embraces people of all kinds . ​ — Acts 10 : 34 , 35 .
We make sure that we have a regular share in the ministry
What a delight it has been to serve with our brothers in the Philippines !
The number of publishers is now about ten times what it was when I began serving here .
Janet and I continue to serve together at the Philippines branch office in Quezon City .
Even after more than 60 years in this foreign assignment , I still need to be ready to adjust to what Jehovah asks .
Recent organizational changes have required that we remain flexible in our service to God and to our brothers .
The increase in the number of Witnesses brings us constant joy
We have endeavored to accept whatever we perceived to be Jehovah’s will , and this has been a most satisfying way to live .
We have also tried to make the necessary adjustments and serve our brothers well .
Yes , we are determined , for as long as Jehovah wills , to be “ all things to people of all sorts . ”
We still serve at the branch office in Quezon City
“ Throw all your anxiety on [ Jehovah ] , because he cares for you . ” ​ — 1 PET . 5 : 7 .
SONGS : 38 , 7
How can God’s Word relieve our anxiety ?
How can you experience “ the peace of God ” ?
How can the congregation help you to reduce anxiety ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why should we not be surprised when we experience some anxiety ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
WE LIVE in very stressful times .
Satan the Devil is bitterly angry and “ walks about like a roaring lion , seeking to devour someone . ”
Therefore , it is not surprising that at times even we , God’s servants , experience some feelings of anxiety .
After all , on occasion , God - fearing servants of Jehovah in the past , such as King David , had “ anxious concern . ”
Recall , too , that the apostle Paul experienced “ anxiety for all the congregations . ”
But what can we do when we are overwhelmed by feelings of anxiety ?
Our loving heavenly Father came to the aid of his servants in the past , and today he makes it possible for us to gain considerable relief from distress or anxiety .
The Bible urges us : “ Throw all your anxiety [ “ cares ; worries , ” ftn . ] on him , because he cares for you . ”
How , though , can you do that ?
Let us consider four ways that you can do so ​ — by means of heartfelt prayer , by reading God’s Word and meditating on it , by tapping into Jehovah’s holy spirit , and by sharing your feelings with a trusted confidant .
As we examine these four ways , see if you can identify practical steps that you want to take .
How can you “ throw your burden on Jehovah ” by means of prayer ?
A first step we can take is to approach Jehovah in earnest prayer .
When you are confronted by situations that cause uneasiness , apprehension , or anxiety , pour out your heart to your loving heavenly Father .
The psalmist David begged Jehovah : “ Listen to my prayer , O God . ”
Then in the same psalm , he said : “ Throw your burden on Jehovah , and he will sustain you . ”
After you have done all you can to solve a problem , heartfelt prayer will certainly accomplish more than worry .
But how can prayer help you to avoid becoming overwhelmed by disquieting thoughts and anguish ? ​ — Ps . 94 : 18 , 19 , ftn .
When we are anxious , why is prayer so important ?
Read Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
Jehovah can respond to our earnest , heartfelt , and persistent supplications .
How ?
By giving us inner calm that can free our mind and heart of disturbing emotions .
Many can testify to this , based on their own experience .
In place of anxiety , a distressing sense of foreboding , God helped them to gain a profound sense of peace and tranquillity that actually surpassed human understanding .
That can be your experience too .
Thus “ the peace of God ” can triumph over any challenge you may face .
You can fully trust Jehovah’s compassionate promise : “ Do not be anxious , for I am your God . I will fortify you , yes , I will help you . ” ​ — Isa .
41 : 10 .
How can God’s Word bring us inner peace ?
A second way to gain inner peace is by reading Bible texts and meditating on them .
Why is this important ?
The Bible contains practical spiritual guidance that can help you to avoid , reduce , or deal with anxiety .
Do not overlook the fact that God’s Word is helpful and refreshing because it contains the Creator’s own words of wisdom .
As you reflect on God’s thoughts ​ — day or night — ​ and consider how best to use the Bible’s practical guidance , you will be greatly strengthened .
Jehovah specifically linked reading his Word with being “ courageous and strong ” and not being “ struck with terror or fear . ” ​ — Josh .
1 : 7 - 9 .
Jesus ’ words can have what positive effect on you ?
In God’s Word , we find Jesus ’ soothing sayings .
His words and teachings were a source of refreshment to his listeners .
Multitudes were drawn to him because he calmed troubled hearts , strengthened the weak , and consoled the depressed .
( Read Matthew 11 : 28 - 30 . )
He showed loving consideration for others ’ spiritual , emotional , and physical needs .
Jesus ’ promise of support still applies .
It can prove to be as true for you as it was for the apostles traveling with Jesus .
You do not have to be in Jesus ’ physical presence to benefit .
As heavenly King , Jesus continues to have and show empathy .
Thus , when you are anxious , he can mercifully ‘ come to your aid ’ and ‘ help you at the right time . ’
Yes , Jesus can help you to cope with distress , and he can fill your heart with hope and courage . ​ — Heb .
2 : 17 , 18 ; 4 : 16 .
How will you benefit as God responds when you ask for holy spirit ?
Jesus promised that our Father in heaven will not fail to give holy spirit to those asking Him .
This puts at your disposal a third , powerful means to alleviate anxiety ​ — the fruitage of the spirit .
These positive qualities that are produced by God’s active force reflect the very personality of the almighty God .
( Read Galatians 5 : 22 , 23 ; Col .
3 : 10 ) As you cultivate the fruitage of that spirit , your relationship with others will improve .
Thus , you will find that many situations that could otherwise cause anxiety do not arise .
Reflect briefly on how the fruitage of the spirit will help you .
8 - 12 .
How can the fruitage of God’s holy spirit help you to deal with or avoid stressful situations ?
“ Love , joy , peace . ”
When you strive to deal respectfully with people , you will likely find that you are better able to deal with your own negative emotions .
How is that so ?
Well , as you show brotherly love , tender affection , and honor , you will avoid situations that could cause anxiety . ​ — Rom . 12 : 10 .
“ Patience , kindness , goodness . ”
You promote peaceful relationships by heeding the admonition : “ Become kind to one another , tenderly compassionate , freely forgiving one another . ”
In so doing , you prevent situations from developing that could otherwise cause anxiety .
Also , you can deal more effectively with situations that arise because of human imperfection .
“ Faith . ”
Today , our anxiety is often related to concern over money and material possessions .
Accordingly , strong faith in Jehovah’s loving care can help you to cope with or avoid such anxiety .
How is that ?
You can avoid much anxiety by heeding the apostle Paul’s inspired counsel to be “ content with the present things . ”
Paul adds : “ For [ God ] has said : ‘ I will never leave you , and I will never abandon you . ’
So that we may be of good courage and say : ‘ Jehovah is my helper ; I will not be afraid . What can man do to me ? ’ ” ​ — Heb .
13 : 5 , 6 .
“ Mildness , self - control . ”
Think how practical and effective it is for you to display those qualities .
Thus , you will likely avoid actions that could cause anxiety for you personally , and you will benefit by avoiding “ malicious bitterness , anger , wrath , screaming , and abusive speech . ” ​ — Eph .
4 : 31 .
Admittedly , you will need humility to yield to “ the mighty hand of God ” and to “ throw all your anxiety on him . ”
But as you cultivate humility , you will be on a path that results in God’s favor and support .
By maintaining a realistic estimate of your physical , mental , and emotional abilities , you will be less likely to become overwhelmed by anxiety , for you will be relying on God .
What did Jesus mean when he said : “ Never be anxious ” ?
At Matthew 6 : 34 ( read ) , we find Jesus ’ profound advice : “ Never be anxious . ”
It may , however , seem difficult to follow that advice .
What did Jesus mean when he said : “ Never be anxious ” ?
Obviously , he could not have meant that a servant of God would not at some point in life experience anxiety ; we have already noted the words of David and of Paul on this matter .
But Jesus was helping his disciples to realize that undue , or extreme , anxiety does not solve problems .
Each day has its own challenges , so Christians do not need to add anxious thoughts about the past or the future to the concerns of the present .
How can you apply Jesus ’ advice and experience relief from debilitating anxiety ?
How can you deal with anxiety about your past ? Some anxiety may be caused by a person’s past actions or failings .
He may be plagued with guilt about something he did in the past , even many years ago .
At times , King David felt that his ‘ errors loomed over his head . ’
He admitted : “ My anguished heart makes me groan aloud . ”
In that situation , what was the wise thing for David to do ?
What did he do ?
He trusted in Jehovah’s mercy and forgiveness .
With conviction he said : “ Happy is the one whose transgression is pardoned . ” ​ — Read Psalm 32 : 1 - 3 , 5 .
( a ) Why should you not be anxious about the present ?
( b ) What practical steps can you take to reduce anxiety ?
( See the box “ Some Practical Ways to Reduce Anxiety . ” )
At other times , you may become anxious about the present .
For instance , when David wrote Psalm 55 , he feared for his life .
Nevertheless , he did not allow anxiety to destroy his confidence in Jehovah .
David made his problems a subject of fervent prayer , but he also understood the value of taking practical steps to deal with the cause of the anxiety .
Learn a lesson from David . Instead of allowing anxiety to overwhelm you , take what steps you can to deal with the situation and then confidently leave matters in Jehovah’s hands .
Set appropriate priorities .
PHILIPPIANS 1 : 10 , 11
Have realistic expectations .
ECCLESIASTES 7 : 16
Make room in your schedule for some quiet time each day .
MATTHEW 14 : 23
Enjoy Jehovah’s creation .
PSALM 104 : 24 , 25
Keep a sense of humor .
PROVERBS 17 : 22
Get regular exercise .
1 TIMOTHY 4 : 8
Get sufficient sleep .
ECCLESIASTES 4 : 6
How can the meaning of God’s name strengthen your faith ?





Unwarranted anxiety often results if a Christian agonizes over possible future problems .









However , you need not be consumed by anxiety , or worry , over events that you do not know anything about .



Why not ?
Because things often do not turn out to be as bad as we feared they might be .
Moreover , there is no situation beyond the control of the God on whom you can throw all your anxiety .
His very name is understood to mean “ He Causes to Become . ”
The profound meaning of the divine name assures us that God is fully capable of seeing to it that his purposes in behalf of his servants are carried out .
You can be certain that God can reward his faithful ones and help them deal with anxiety about the past , the present , and the future .
17 , 18 .
How can good communication help you to cope with anxiety ?
A fourth way to help you cope with anxiety is good communication , sharing your feelings with a trusted confidant .
A marriage mate , a close friend , or a congregation elder may be able to help you to put your anxiety into perspective .
“ Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down , but a good word cheers it up . ” Frank and honest communication can do much to help you to understand and deal with your concerns .
The Bible tells us : “ Plans fail when there is no consultation , but there is accomplishment through many advisers . ” ​ — Prov .
15 : 22 .
Jehovah also helps Christians to deal with anxieties by means of weekly congregation meetings .
There you can associate with fellow believers who are concerned about you and who want to encourage one another .
Such “ an interchange of encouragement ” will help to replenish your spiritual resources and make it easier for you to deal with any anxiety . ​ — Rom . 1 : 12 .
Why can you be confident that your relationship with God will strengthen you ?
Consider how a congregation elder in Canada learned the value of throwing his anxiety on Jehovah .
He has a high - stress job as a schoolteacher and counselor , and he also has had to deal with an anxiety disorder .
How has this brother coped ?
“ Above all , ” he explains , “ I find that working hard to fortify my relationship with Jehovah gives me the greatest strength to cope with emotional difficulties .
The support of true friends and spiritual brothers is vital in times of distress .
I am open and honest with my wife about my feelings .
Fellow elders and our circuit overseer were invaluable in helping me put things into perspective .
I also sought medical help , made changes in the way I managed my time , and set aside time to relax and exercise .
Gradually , I began to feel more in control .
When there are things that I cannot control , I leave matters in Jehovah’s hands . ”
( a ) How can we throw our anxiety on God ?
( b ) What will we discuss in the following article ?
In summary , we have noted the value of throwing our anxiety on God by means of heartfelt prayer and by reading his Word and meditating on it .
We also considered the value of cultivating the fruitage of his spirit , sharing our feelings with a trusted confidant , and drawing strength from upbuilding Christian association .
The next article will discuss how Jehovah further sustains us by providing us with the hope of a reward . ​ — Heb .
11 : 6 .
“ Whoever approaches God must believe that he is and that he becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him . ” ​ — HEB .
11 : 6 .
SONGS : 136 , 139
How can we be sure that Jehovah rewards his servants ?
How did Jehovah bless his servants in the past ?
What rewards do we receive from Jehovah ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How are love and faith connected ?
( b ) What questions will we consider ?
WE LOVE Jehovah “ because he first loved us . ”
As one expression of his tender love , Jehovah has taken the initiative to bless his loyal servants .
The more we love our God , the stronger our faith becomes , not only that he exists , but that he unfailingly rewards those whom he loves . ​ — Read Hebrews 11 : 6 .
Being a rewarder is an integral part of who Jehovah is and what he does .
Our faith is not complete unless we are firmly convinced that God will reward those who earnestly seek him , for “ faith is the assured expectation of what is hoped for . ”
Yes , faith involves the certain expectation of God’s promised blessings .
How , though , does the hope of a reward benefit us ?
How has Jehovah rewarded his servants , both in the past and in the present ?
Let us see .
What promise is found at Malachi 3 : 10 ?
Jehovah God has obligated himself to reward his faithful servants , so he invites us to reach out for his blessing .
We read : “ ‘ Test me out , please , . . . ’ Jehovah of armies says , ‘ to see whether I will not open to you the floodgates of the heavens and pour out on you a blessing until there is nothing lacking . ’ ”
We show our deep appreciation and gratitude when we accept Jehovah’s generous offer .
Why can we have confidence in Jesus ’ assurance recorded at Matthew 6 : 33 ?
Jesus assured his disciples that if they would put the Kingdom first , God would support them .
( Read Matthew 6 : 33 . )
The certainty of Jesus ’ promise was based on Jehovah’s perfect record of trustworthiness .
Jesus knew that God’s promises never fail .
We , in turn , can be certain that if we manifest heartfelt faith in Jehovah , he will keep his promise : “ I will never leave you , and I will never abandon you . ”
We can link that inspired statement with what Jesus said about seeking first the Kingdom and God’s righteousness .
Jesus showed that his disciples would be rewarded for their sacrifices ( See paragraph 5 )
Why is Jesus ’ reply to Peter faith - strengthening ?
The apostle Peter once asked Jesus : “ We have left all things and followed you ; what , then , will there be for us ? ”
Instead of rebuking Peter for asking that question , Jesus told his disciples that they would be rewarded for their sacrifices .
The faithful apostles and others will rule with him in heaven .
But even now there are rewards .
Jesus said : “ Everyone who has left houses or brothers or sisters or father or mother or children or lands for the sake of my name will receive a hundred times as much and will inherit everlasting life . ”
His disciples would gain blessings far in excess of any personal sacrifices they might make .
Are not spiritual fathers , mothers , brothers , sisters , and children much more valuable than anything we have renounced or given up for the sake of the Kingdom ?
Why does Jehovah promise his worshippers a reward ?
By promising his worshippers a reward , Jehovah helps to sustain them during tests of integrity .
Besides enjoying rich spiritual blessings now , Jehovah God’s faithful servants eagerly look forward to even greater blessings in the future .
Yes , our being firmly convinced that Jehovah “ becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking him ” will help us to stand firm in the faith . ​ — Heb .
11 : 6 .
How does hope serve as an anchor ?
In the Sermon on the Mount , Jesus said : “ Rejoice and be overjoyed , since your reward is great in the heavens , for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you . ”
Aside from those who will receive a reward in heaven , the prospect of everlasting life on a paradise earth is indeed reason to “ rejoice and be overjoyed . ”
Whether heavenly or earthly , our hope can serve as “ an anchor for the soul , both sure and firm . ”
Just as an anchor keeps a ship steady during a storm , the sure hope of a reward can help us to maintain our emotional , mental , and spiritual stability .
It can help us to have the strength to endure hardships .
How does hope have the power to reduce anxiety ?
Our Bible - based hope has the power to reduce present anxiety .
God’s promises act like spiritual balm that soothes our anxious heart .
How comforting it is for us to ‘ throw our burden on Jehovah , ’ knowing that ‘ he will sustain us ’ !
We can have full confidence that God can do “ more than superabundantly beyond all the things we ask or conceive . ”
Imagine that ​ — not just abundantly and not superabundantly but “ more than superabundantly ” !
How sure can we be of Jehovah’s blessing ?
To receive the reward , we need to exercise full faith in Jehovah and be obedient to his directions .
Moses told the nation of Israel : “ Jehovah will surely bless you in the land that Jehovah your God is giving you to possess as an inheritance , but only if you strictly obey the voice of Jehovah your God and carefully observe all this commandment that I am giving you today .
For Jehovah your God will bless you just as he has promised you . ”
Do you have full confidence that Jehovah will bless you if you continue to serve him faithfully ?
You certainly have good reason for such confidence .
10 , 11 .
How did Jehovah reward Joseph ?
The Bible was recorded for our benefit .
It contains many accounts of how God did indeed reward faithful servants .
Joseph was an outstanding example .
As a result of a conspiracy by his brothers and the later treachery of his master’s wife , he found himself in an Egyptian prison .
Was he cut off from his God ?
Not at all !
“ Jehovah continued with Joseph and kept showing loyal love to him . . .
Jehovah was with Joseph and Jehovah made whatever he did successful . ”
Joseph , through those trialsome times , waited patiently on his God .
Years later , Pharaoh released Joseph from prison and made this humble slave second ruler in Egypt .
When his wife bore him two sons , “ Joseph named the firstborn Manasseh , for he said , ‘ God has made me forget all my trouble and all the house of my father . ’
And he named the second one Ephraim , for he said , ‘ God has made me fruitful in the land of my affliction . ’ ”
Because Joseph remained loyal to God , he was rewarded with blessings that resulted in the preservation of life both for the Israelites and for the Egyptians .
The point is , Joseph recognized that it was Jehovah who had rewarded him and blessed him . ​ — Gen .
45 : 5 - 9 .
How did Jesus remain faithful when under trial ?
Jesus Christ likewise remained obedient to God through various tests of his faith , and he was rewarded .
What helped him to cope ?
God’s Word explains : “ For the joy that was set before him he endured a torture stake , despising shame . ”
Jesus certainly found joy in being able to sanctify God’s name .
Furthermore , he was rewarded with his Father’s approval and many wonderful privileges .
The Bible reports that he “ has sat down at the right hand of the throne of God . ”
And elsewhere we read : “ God exalted him to a superior position and kindly gave him the name that is above every other name . ” ​ — Phil .
2 : 9 .
13 , 14 .
How does Jehovah feel about what we do for him ?
We can be sure that Jehovah appreciates every effort that we make to serve him .
He understands any insecurities or self - doubts that we may have .
He shows us compassion if financial burdens weigh us down or our health or emotions tend to limit our sacred service .
And we can have full confidence in Jehovah’s tender regard for what his servants do to stay faithful to him . ​ — Read Hebrews 6 : 10 , 11 .
Bear in mind , too , that we can approach the “ Hearer of prayer ” with the confidence that he will give attention to our concerns .
“ The Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort ” will unstintingly give us the emotional and spiritual support that we need , perhaps doing so by means of our fellow worshippers .
It touches Jehovah’s heart when we show compassion toward others .
“ The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah , and He will repay him for what he does . ”
Hence , when we unselfishly help those who are in difficulty , Jehovah views our good deed as a loan made to Him .
And he promises to reward that kindness .
What rewards do you look forward to ?
( See opening picture . )
Spirit - anointed Christians are sustained by the prospect of receiving “ the crown of righteousness , which the Lord , the righteous judge , will give . . . as a reward in that day . ”
You will , however , not be shortchanged if God has given you a different prospect .
Millions of Jesus ’ “ other sheep ” eagerly anticipate the future reward of everlasting life on a paradise earth .
There “ they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ” ​ — John 10 : 16 ; Ps .
37 : 11 . What comfort do we find at 1 John 3 : 19 , 20 ?
At times , we may feel that we are accomplishing little , or we might wonder whether Jehovah is pleased with our efforts .
We may even doubt that we qualify to receive any kind of reward .
Let us never forget , though , that “ God is greater than our hearts and knows all things . ”
( Read 1 John 3 : 19 , 20 . )
He rewards every expression of sacred service that springs from a heart motivated by faith and love , no matter how insignificant it might seem to the giver of the sacrifice . ​ — Mark 12 : 41 - 44 .
What are some of the rewards that we enjoy now ?
Even in these dark last days of Satan’s wicked system of things , Jehovah is blessing his people .
He makes sure that true worshippers flourish in their spiritual estate , which is unprecedented in its spiritual abundance .
As Jesus promised , Jehovah rewards us now by letting us be part of a loving family of spiritual brothers and sisters , a family that is international in scope .
Furthermore , those who earnestly seek God are rewarded with the incomparable blessings of peace of mind , contentment , and happiness . ​ — Phil .
4 : 4 - 7 .
18 , 19 .
How do Jehovah’s servants feel about the rewards they receive ?
Jehovah’s servants around the world can testify to the wonderful rewards they receive from him .
For example , Bianca from Germany says : “ I cannot thank Jehovah enough for helping me with my worries and for being at my side each day .
The world out there is chaotic and bleak .
But as I work closely with Jehovah , I feel secure in his arms .
Whenever I make personal sacrifices for him , he gives me back a hundredfold in blessings . ”
Or consider 70 - year - old Paula in Canada who is severely restricted by spina bifida .
“ Reduced mobility does not necessarily mean a reduced ministry , ” she says .
“ I take advantage of different forms of service , such as telephone and informal witnessing .
For my own encouragement , I keep a notebook with scriptures and thoughts from our publications that I can consult from time to time .
I call it ‘ My Survival Notebook . ’
Discouragement is temporary if we focus on Jehovah’s promises .
Jehovah is always there to help us , regardless of our circumstances . ”
Your situation may be quite different from that of Bianca or of Paula .
Yet , you can likely think of ways in which Jehovah has rewarded you and those around you .
How good it is to reflect on how Jehovah is rewarding you at this time and how he will reward you in the future !
What can we look forward to if we continue to serve Jehovah whole - souled ?
Never forget that your heartfelt prayers and freeness of speech with God “ will be richly rewarded . ”
You can be certain that “ after you have done the will of God , you [ will ] receive the fulfillment of the promise . ”
So let us now continue to strengthen our faith and to work whole - souled as to Jehovah .
We can do this , knowing that it is from Jehovah that we will receive the due reward . ​ — Read Colossians 3 : 23 , 24 .
“ Sin must not be master over you , seeing that you are . . . under undeserved kindness . ” ​ — ROM .
6 : 14 .
SONGS : 46 , 127
Why is God’s provision of the ransom an undeserved kindness ?
How is it that we can consider ourselves “ dead with reference to sin ” ?
Why does appreciation for God’s undeserved kindness move us to avoid more than just serious sins ?
1 , 2 .
Why is Romans 5 : 12 of interest to Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
IMAGINE you wanted to list Bible verses that Jehovah’s Witnesses know well and use often .
Would Romans 5 : 12 be high on your list ?
Think about how often you have referred to the statement : “ Just as through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin , and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned . ”
That verse is repeatedly used in the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
As you study this book with your children or others , you will likely read Romans 5 : 12 when you discuss God’s purpose for the earth , the ransom , and the condition of the dead ​ — chapters 3 , 5 , and 6 .
But how often do you think of Romans 5 : 12 with regard to your own standing before Jehovah , your actions , and your future prospects ?
We ought to face what fact about sin ?
All of us , of course , must face the reality that we are sinners .
We make mistakes every day .
Yet , we are assured that God remembers that we are made of dust , and he is willing to show us mercy .
Jesus included in the model prayer the request to God : “ Forgive us our sins . ”
Hence , we have no reason to dwell on mistakes that God has forgiven .
Still , we can benefit from thinking about how he could ​ — and did — ​ forgive us .
4 , 5 . ( a ) What sheds light on the sense of Romans 5 : 12 ?
( b ) What is the “ undeserved kindness ” that is mentioned at Romans 3 : 24 ?
We find important information in the chapters surrounding the apostle Paul’s words at Romans 5 : 12 , especially in chapter 6 .
This will help us to understand how Jehovah can forgive us .
In chapter 3 , we read : “ All have sinned . . . , and it is as a free gift that they are being declared righteous by his undeserved kindness through the release by the ransom paid by Christ Jesus . ”
What did Paul mean by saying “ undeserved kindness ” ?
He used a Greek word that , according to one reference work , has the sense of “ a favour freely done , without claim or expectation of return . ”
It is unearned and unmerited .
Scholar John Parkhurst noted : “ When spoken of God or Christ , it [ that Greek word ] very often particularly refers to their free and undeserved favour or kindness in the redemption and salvation of man . ”
Thus , the rendering “ undeserved kindness ” in the New World Translation is fitting .
But how did God manifest this undeserved kindness ?
And what does it have to do with your hope and your relationship with him ?
Let us see .
To what extent can individuals benefit from God’s undeserved kindness ?
Adam was the “ one man ” through whom sin and death “ entered into the world . ”
Thus “ by the trespass of the one man death ruled as king . ”
Paul added that “ the abundance of [ God’s ] undeserved kindness ” came about “ through the one person , Jesus Christ . ”
And that undeserved kindness has resulted in good for all mankind .
“ Through the obedience of the one person [ Jesus ] many will be made righteous . ”
Actually , God’s undeserved kindness can lead to “ everlasting life through Jesus Christ . ” ​ — Rom .
5 : 19 , 21 .
Why was God’s provision of the ransom both kind and undeserved ?
Jehovah was not obliged to have his Son come to earth to provide the ransom .
Moreover , imperfect , sinful humans did not of themselves merit , or deserve , what God and Jesus did in providing a ransom by which forgiveness was possible .
So our being forgiven and offered the prospect of living forever is truly a kindness that is undeserved .
We should highly value the gift of God’s undeserved kindness and let it affect our life daily .
What mistaken view might some people have of their sins ?
Being imperfect descendants of Adam , we are inclined to err , to do what is bad , to sin .
Still , it would be a serious mistake to presume on God’s undeserved kindness , such as by thinking : ‘ Even if I do something wrong ​ — something that God views as sin — ​ I do not have to worry about it .
Jehovah will forgive me . ’
Sadly , some Christians felt that way even while some of the apostles were still alive .
( Read Jude 4 . )
We ourselves might never voice such a thought ; yet , the seeds of this wrong viewpoint might be in us or they could be planted in us and start to grow .
9 , 10 .
How were Paul and others set free from sin and death ?
Paul stressed that we must strongly reject the view : ‘ Oh , God understands .
He will overlook my wrong deeds or actions . ’
Why ?
Because , as Paul writes , Christians have “ died with reference to sin . ”
( Read Romans 6 : 1 , 2 . )
While they were still alive on earth , how could it be said of them that they had “ died with reference to sin ” ?
God applied the ransom to Paul and others of his day .
Thus Jehovah forgave their sins , anointed them with holy spirit , and called them to be his spiritual sons .
Then they had the heavenly hope .
If they proved faithful , they would live and rule with Christ in heaven .
But Paul could speak of them while they were still alive and serving God on earth as having “ died with reference to sin . ”
He used the example of Jesus , who died as a human and then was raised up as an immortal spirit in heaven .
Death was no longer master over Jesus .
It was similar with anointed Christians , who could consider themselves “ dead with reference to sin but living with reference to God by Christ Jesus . ”
Their way of life was not as it once was .
They were no longer obeying the dictates or impulses of their sinful desires .
They had died to that previous way of life .
In what sense have we who hope to live forever in Paradise “ died with reference to sin ” ?
What of us ?
Well , before we became Christians , we often sinned , perhaps not realizing how wrong or bad our actions were in God’s eyes .
We were like “ slaves to uncleanness and lawlessness . ”
It could be said that we “ were slaves of sin . ” Then we came to know Bible truth , made changes in our lives , dedicated ourselves to God , and got baptized .
Since then , it has been our desire to be “ obedient from the heart ” to God’s teachings and standards .
Even if we might not have spoken of it in those terms , we “ were set free from sin ” and we “ became slaves to righteousness . ”
So we too could be said to have “ died with reference to sin . ”
What choice does each of us have to make ?
Now think of yourself in the light of Paul’s words : “ Do not let sin continue to rule as king in your mortal bodies so that you should obey their desires . ”
We could “ let sin continue to rule ” by doing whatever our imperfect body moves us to do .
Because we can “ let ” sin rule or refuse to let it rule , the question is , What do we really want at heart ?
Ask yourself : ‘ At times , do I let my imperfect body or mind point me in a bad direction and then go there ?
Or am I dead with reference to sin ?
Am I living with reference to God by Christ Jesus ? ’
It really comes down to how much we appreciate the undeserved kindness God has shown by forgiving us .
What evidence gives us confidence that it is possible to turn our back on sin ?
Jehovah’s people have turned their back on “ the fruit that [ they ] used to produce ” before they came to know , love , and serve God .
Their past way of life may have included “ things of which [ they ] are now ashamed ” and that would have merited death .
Then they changed .
That was true of many in Corinth to whom Paul wrote .
Some had been idolaters , adulterers , homosexuals , thieves , drunkards , and the like .
Yet , they were “ washed clean ” and “ sanctified . ”
That was likely also true of some in the Roman congregation .
Paul was inspired to write to them : “ Neither go on presenting your bodies to sin as weapons of unrighteousness , but present yourselves to God as those alive from the dead , also your bodies to God as weapons of righteousness . ”
Paul was sure that they could remain spiritually clean and thus continue to benefit from God’s undeserved kindness .
14 , 15 .
What should we ask ourselves about being “ obedient from the heart ” ?
It is similar today .
Some brothers and sisters may at one time have been like those in Corinth .
But they too changed .
They left their sinful past and were “ washed clean . ”
To whatever extent that may be true in your case , what is your situation before God at this time ?
Now that God’s undeserved kindness and resulting forgiveness are available , are you determined no longer ‘ to present your body to sin ’ ?
Will you instead ‘ present yourself to God as alive from the dead ’ ?
For us to do that , we must certainly avoid choosing to practice the serious sins that some in Corinth had been guilty of .
That is vital if we are to say that we have accepted God’s undeserved kindness and that ‘ sin is not master over us . ’
However , are we also determined to be “ obedient from the heart ” by doing our best to avoid sins that some would view as less serious ? ​ — Rom . 6 : 14 , 17 .
How do we know that being a Christian involves more than leaving behind the practice of serious sins ?
Think of the apostle Paul .
We can be sure that he was not sharing in the gross wrongs mentioned at 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 - 11 .
Nonetheless , he confessed that he was still guilty of sin .
He wrote : “ I am fleshly , sold under sin .
For I do not understand what I am doing .
For I do not practice what I wish , but I do what I hate . ”
This shows that there were other things that Paul viewed as sins , and he was fighting against those wrongs too .
( Read Romans 7 : 21 - 23 . )
May that also be true of us as we strive to be “ obedient from the heart . ”
Why do you want to be honest ?
Consider , for example , the matter of being honest .
Honesty is basic to Christianity .
( Read Proverbs 14 : 5 ; Ephesians 4 : 25 . )
Satan is “ the father of the lie . ”
And Ananias and his wife lost their lives because of lying .
We do not want to imitate such ones ​ — we avoid lying .
Is that , though , as far as our honesty goes ?
Actually , our honesty should reflect our deep appreciation for God’s undeserved kindness .
18 , 19 .
How does being honest go beyond simply not telling outright lies ?
To lie is to say something untruthful .
However , Jehovah wants his people to go beyond not telling outright lies .
He urged the ancient Israelites : “ You should be holy , because I , Jehovah your God , am holy . ” Then he gave examples of being holy .
In part , God said : “ You must not steal , you must not deceive , and you must not deal falsely with one another . ”
Sadly , a person who makes it a point never to tell outright lies might still resort to deceiving others , dealing falsely with them .
Are we determined to avoid both lying and deception ?
( See paragraph 19 )
For instance , a man tells his boss or fellow workers that he cannot be at work the next day or that he must leave early because he has a “ medical ” appointment .
In fact , his “ medical ” appointment is merely a brief stop at a pharmacy or a quick visit to the doctor’s office to pay a bill .
His real reason for not being at work is so that he can get a head start on a trip or so that he can take his family to the beach .
There may have been a grain of truth in his mentioning a “ medical ” appointment , but would you say that he was being honest ?
Or was he being deceptive ?
You may know of similar instances of deliberate deception .
Perhaps this is done to avoid punishment or to profit at others ’ expense .
Even if no outright lie is told , what of God’s direction : “ You must not deceive ” ?
Think , too , of Romans 6 : 19 , which says : “ Present your members as slaves to righteousness leading to holiness . ”
20 , 21 .
God’s undeserved kindness should move us to what extent ?
The point is that our appreciation for God’s undeserved kindness involves more than avoiding adultery , drunkenness , or other sins that some in Corinth had been guilty of .
Accepting God’s undeserved kindness means not only avoiding sexual immorality but also fighting any tendency to enjoy lewd entertainment .
Presenting our members as slaves to righteousness will not only keep us from drunkenness but also move us to shun drinking to the point of almost being drunk .
It may require considerable effort for us to fight against such wrong practices ; still , it is a fight that we can win .
Our goal should be to avoid gross sins as well as wrongs that are not as flagrant .
We will not be able to do that perfectly .
Nevertheless , we should strive to do so , even as Paul did .
He urged his brothers : “ Do not let sin continue to rule as king in your mortal bodies so that you should obey their desires . ”
As we fight against sin in all its forms , we show true appreciation for God’s undeserved kindness through Christ .
What awaits those who prove their appreciation for God’s undeserved kindness ?
By means of God’s undeserved kindness , our sins have been forgiven and can continue to be forgiven .
In appreciation , let us work at overcoming any tendency to give in to what others might consider minor sins .
Paul emphasized the reward that then awaits us : “ Now that you were set free from sin and became slaves to God , you are producing your fruit in the way of holiness , and the end is everlasting life . ” ​ — Rom . 6 : 22 .
“ Those who live according to the spirit , [ set their minds ] on the things of the spirit . ” ​ — ROM .
8 : 5 .
SONGS : 45 , 36
No matter which hope we have , why can we benefit from considering Romans chapter 8 ?
How might a Christian begin to ‘ set his mind on the flesh ’ ?
Setting our minds on the spirit involves our doing what ?
1 , 2 .
Why is Romans chapter 8 of special interest to anointed Christians ?
IN CONNECTION with the annual commemoration of Jesus ’ death , have you read Romans 8 : 15 - 17 ?
Probably so .
That key passage explains how Christians know that they are anointed ​ — holy spirit bears witness with their spirit .
And the opening verse in that chapter refers to “ those in union with Christ Jesus . ”
But does Romans chapter 8 apply only to anointed ones ?
Or does it also speak to Christians who hope to live on earth ?
Anointed Christians are those principally addressed in that chapter .
They receive “ the spirit ” as ones “ waiting for adoption as sons , the release from [ their fleshly ] bodies . ” Yes , their future is to be sons of God in heaven .
That is possible because they became baptized Christians , and God applied the ransom in their behalf , forgave their sins , and declared them righteous as spiritual sons . ​ — Rom .
3 : 23 - 26 ; 4 : 25 ; 8 : 30 .
Why do we conclude that Romans chapter 8 should be of interest to those with the earthly hope ?
However , Romans chapter 8 is also of interest to those who have the earthly hope because God in a sense views them as righteous .
We see an indication of that in what Paul wrote earlier in his letter .
In chapter 4 , he discussed Abraham .
That man of faith lived before Jehovah gave the Law to Israel and long before Jesus died for our sins .
Still , Jehovah noted Abraham’s outstanding faith and counted him as righteous .
( Read Romans 4 : 20 - 22 . )
Jehovah can in a similar way consider as righteous the faithful Christians today who have the Bible - based hope of living forever on earth .
Accordingly , they can benefit from the counsel found in Romans chapter 8 that is given to righteous ones .
Romans 8 : 21 should lead us to reflect on what question ?
At Romans 8 : 21 , we find a guarantee that the new world will definitely come .
This verse promises that “ the creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God . ”
The question is whether we will be there , whether we will gain that reward .
Do you have confidence that you will ?
Romans chapter 8 offers advice that will help you to do so .
At Romans 8 : 4 - 13 , what serious matter did Paul address ?
Read Romans 8 : 4 - 13 .
Romans chapter 8 speaks of those who walk “ according to the flesh ” in contrast with those who walk “ according to the spirit . ”
Some might imagine that this is a contrast between those who are not in the truth and those who are , between those who are not Christians and those who are .
However , Paul was writing to “ those who are in Rome as God’s beloved ones , called to be holy ones . ”
Thus , Paul was contrasting Christians who walked according to the flesh with Christians who walked according to the spirit .
What was the contrast ?
6 , 7 . ( a ) What are some ways in which the term “ flesh ” is used in the Bible ?
( b ) At Romans 8 : 4 - 13 , in what sense did Paul use “ flesh ” ?
Consider first the term “ flesh . ”
To what was Paul referring ?
The Bible uses “ flesh ” in different ways .
At times , it applies to the actual flesh of our physical body .
It can also signify kinship .
Jesus was “ from the offspring of David according to the flesh , ” and Paul saw the Jews as “ relatives according to the flesh . ” ​ — Rom .
1 : 3 ; 9 : 3 .
However , what Paul wrote in chapter 7 gives us a clue as to the “ flesh ” spoken of at Romans 8 : 4 - 13 .
He linked “ living according to the flesh ” with “ the sinful passions ” that were then “ at work in [ their ] bodies . ”
This sheds light on the meaning of the expression “ those who live according to the flesh , ” who Paul said , “ set their minds on the things of the flesh . ”
He was referring to people who are ruled by or focused on their desires and leanings as imperfect humans .
In the main , these are ones who follow their cravings , impulses , and passions , whether sexual or otherwise .
Why was it appropriate to warn even anointed Christians about walking “ according to the flesh ” ?
But you may wonder why Paul would stress to anointed Christians the danger of living “ according to the flesh . ”
And could a similar danger today threaten Christians , whom God has accepted as his friends and views as righteous ?
Sadly , any Christian could begin to walk according to the sinful flesh .
For example , Paul wrote that some among the brothers in Rome were slaves “ of their own appetites , ” which could have been sexual appetite or appetite for food , drink , or other things .
Some of them were ‘ seducing unsuspecting ones . ’
Recall , too , that for a time , a brother in Corinth was “ living with his father’s wife . ”
It is understandable , then , why God used Paul to warn Christians about “ setting the mind on the flesh . ” ​ — Rom .
8 : 5 , 6 .

To what does Paul’s warning at Romans 8 : 6 not apply ?
That warning is equally valid now .
After serving God for years , a Christian could begin to set his or her mind on the things of the flesh .
That does not refer to a Christian who occasionally thinks about food , employment , recreation , or even romance .
Those are aspects of life for the average servant of God .
Jesus enjoyed food , and he fed others .
He saw the need for refreshment .
And Paul wrote about the proper place for passion or intimacy within marriage .
Do your conversations show that your mind is set on the spirit or on the flesh ?
( See paragraphs 10 , 11 )
At Romans 8 : 5 , 6 , the expression “ set their minds on ” implies what ?
What , then , was Paul saying about “ setting the mind on the flesh ” ?
The Greek word that Paul used means “ to set one’s mind or heart upon something , to employ one’s faculty for thoughtful planning , w [ ith ] the emphasis upon the underlying disposition or attitude . ”
Those who live according to the flesh allow their life course to be determined basically by their sinful human nature .
One scholar says about that word at Romans 8 : 5 : “ They set their minds on ​ — are most deeply interested in , constantly talk about , engage and glory in — ​ the things pertaining to the flesh . ”
What sort of things might we include when asking ourselves , ‘ What is my key interest ? ’
It was fitting for Christians in Rome to analyze what their focus in life really was .
Could it be that their lives were dominated by or centered on “ things of the flesh ” ?
And it is fitting for us to consider the same about our lives .
What is of greatest interest to us , and to what does our speech gravitate ?
What do we really pursue day in and day out ?
Some may find that they are focusing on trying different types of wine , decorating the home , finding new clothing styles , making investments , planning vacation trips , and the like .
Such matters are not bad in themselves ; they can be normal aspects of life .
For example , Jesus once made wine , and Paul told Timothy to take “ a little wine . ”
But did Jesus and Paul “ constantly talk about , engage and glory in ” wine ?
Was it their passion , what they ‘ constantly talked ’ about ?
No .
What about us ?
What is our key interest in life ?
12 , 13 .
Why is what we set our mind on a serious issue ?
Self - examination is important .
Why ?
Paul wrote : “ Setting the mind on the flesh means death . ”
That is serious ​ — spiritual death now and physical death in the future .
Still , Paul did not mean that if someone began to ‘ set the mind on the flesh ’ his end unavoidably would be death .
Change is possible .
Think of the immoral man in Corinth who went after “ the flesh ” and had to be disfellowshipped .
Yet , he could and did change .
He ceased to walk after the flesh and returned to a straight path . ​ — 2 Cor .
2 : 6 - 8 .
If it was possible for that person to change , it is possible for a Christian today to change , especially one who has not gone after the flesh as far as the man in Corinth had .
Certainly , Paul’s warning about the possible final outcome for someone who ‘ sets his or her mind on the flesh ’ should be a stimulus to Christians to make any needed changes !
14 , 15 . ( a ) What alternative is there to “ setting the mind on the flesh ” ?
( b ) What is not meant by “ setting the mind on the spirit ” ?
After the apostle warned us against “ setting the mind on the flesh , ” he offered this positive assurance : “ Setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace . ”
What a result or reward that is ​ — life and peace !
How can we gain that reward ?
“ Setting the mind on the spirit ” does not imply that a person has to live with his head in the clouds , so to speak .
He does not need to think and talk of nothing other than the Bible or his love for God and his hope for the future .
Let us recall that Paul and others in the first century who pleased God were living rather normal lives in many respects .
They consumed food and drink .
Many married and enjoyed family life , working to support themselves . ​ — Mark 6 : 3 ; 1 Thess .
2 : 9 .
Though sharing in many normal aspects of life , on what was Paul focused ?
However , those servants of God did not allow such normal aspects of life to become the center of their lives .
After showing that Paul worked as a tentmaker , the record reveals what his life was centered on : He regularly gave attention to the Christian preaching and teaching work .
( Read Acts 18 : 2 - 4 ; 20 : 20 , 21 , 34 , 35 . )
And those were the activities that he recommended to his brothers and sisters in Rome .
Yes , Paul’s life centered on spiritual provisions and activities .
The Romans needed to imitate him , and so do we . ​ — Rom . 15 : 15 , 16 .
If we ‘ set our mind on the spirit , ’ what sort of life can we have ?
What is the outcome if we maintain a spiritual focus ?
Romans 8 : 6 answers clearly : “ Setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace . ”
That implies letting our mind be influenced by and dominated by holy spirit and being in harmony with God and his thoughts .
We can trust that by making “ the spirit ” the real center of our existence , we will have a satisfying , meaningful life now .
And the lasting result is everlasting life , be that in heaven or on earth .
In what way does peace result from “ setting the mind on the spirit ” ?
Let us reflect on the assurance that “ setting the mind on the spirit means . . . peace . ”
Many people struggle to find peace of mind .
While they desperately search for inner peace , we already enjoy it .
One aspect of having such peace is that we strive to be at peace with those in our family and those in the congregation .
We have the good sense to realize that both we and our brothers and sisters are imperfect .
Because of this , problems may occasionally arise , and if that happens , we have been taught to follow Jesus ’ advice : “ Make your peace with your brother . ”
This is made easier when we recall that the other brother or sister is also serving “ the God who gives peace . ” ​ — Rom . 15 : 33 ; 16 : 20 .
Depending on what we set our mind on , what special peace can we enjoy ?
And there is another peace that is of incalculable value .
By our “ setting the mind on the spirit , ” we enjoy peace with our Maker .
Isaiah recorded words that applied in his day but have an even greater fulfillment now : “ You [ Jehovah ] will safeguard those who fully lean on you ; you will give them continuous peace , because it is in you that they trust . ” ​ — Isa . 26 : 3 ; read Romans 5 : 1 .
Why are you thankful for the counsel in Romans chapter 8 ?
Accordingly , whether we are spirit anointed or we hope to live permanently in a paradise on earth , we can be thankful for the inspired counsel in Romans chapter 8 .
How grateful we can be for the encouragement not to let “ the flesh ” become the principal thing in our life !
Instead , we see the wisdom of living in line with the inspired assurance : “ Setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace . ”
The reward of doing so will be everlasting , for Paul wrote : “ The wages sin pays is death , but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord . ” ​ — Rom . 6 : 23 .
Toñi , a professional caregiver , rang the doorbell , and a middle - aged woman answered .
The woman insulted Toñi and berated her for not arriving earlier to care for the woman’s elderly mother .
Toñi was not late for work .
Yet , she calmly apologized to the woman for the misunderstanding .
ON THE following visit , the woman lashed out at Toñi again .
How did she react ?
“ It was a very difficult situation , ” she admitted . “ Her verbal abuse was unjustified . ”
Nonetheless , Toñi apologized again and told the woman that she understood the suffering she was experiencing .
Had you been Toñi , how do you think you would have reacted ?
Would you have tried to display a mild temper ?
Would it have been a struggle for you to control your temper ?
Undeniably , it may not be easy to maintain composure in situations such as the one described above .
When we are under stress or provocation , it is a real challenge to remain mild - tempered .
The Bible , however , encourages Christians to be mild - tempered .
In fact , God’s Word associates that disposition with wisdom .
“ Who is wise and understanding among you ? ”
asks James . “ Let him by his fine conduct demonstrate works performed with a mildness that comes from wisdom . ”
In what way is a mild temper evidence of the wisdom from above ?
And what can help us to cultivate this godly trait ?
A mild temper can defuse tension .
“ A mild answer turns away rage , but a harsh word stirs up anger . ” ​ — Prov . 15 : 1 .
An angry reaction can make an unpleasant situation worse because it adds fuel to the fire .
In contrast , a mild - tempered reply often has a calming effect .
It can even soften the attitude of a person who is hostile .
Toñi saw that occur .
Noting Toñi’s mild - tempered response , the woman gave way to tears .

She explained that she was beset by personal and family problems .
Toñi gave a fine witness , and a Bible study was started ​ — all as a result of her calm and peaceable demeanor .
A mild temper can make us happy .
“ Happy are the mild - tempered , since they will inherit the earth . ” ​ — Matt .
5 : 5 .
Why are mild - tempered ones happy ?
By clothing themselves with mildness , many individuals who were once aggressive are now happy .
Their life has improved , and they know that a wonderful future awaits them .
Adolfo , a circuit overseer in Spain , recalls what his life was like before he came into the truth .
“ My life was going nowhere , ” says Adolfo . “ My temper always used to get the better of me , so much so that even some of my friends feared my arrogant , violent reactions .
Finally came a turning point .
In a brawl , I received six stab wounds and almost bled to death . ”
Now , however , by word and example , Adolfo teaches others to be mild - tempered .
Many are drawn to his warm and pleasant personality .
Adolfo says he is happy for the changes he has been able to make .
And he is grateful to Jehovah for helping him to cultivate a mild temper .
A mild temper makes Jehovah happy .
“ Be wise , my son , and make my heart rejoice , so that I can make a reply to him who taunts me . ” ​ — Prov . 27 : 11 .
Jehovah is , in effect , being taunted by his archenemy , the Devil .
God has every reason to be wrathful over such deliberate insults , yet the Bible describes Jehovah as being “ slow to anger . ”
When we strive to imitate God’s slowness to anger and his mildness , we follow a course of wisdom that pleases Jehovah greatly . ​ — Eph .
5 : 1 .
The present world is often a hostile environment .
We may run into people who are “ boastful , haughty , blasphemers , . . . slanderers , without self - control , fierce . ”
Still , that should not prevent a Christian from cultivating a mild spirit .
God’s Word reminds us that “ the wisdom from above is . . . peaceable , reasonable . ”
By displaying a peaceable and reasonable spirit , we give evidence that we have acquired godly wisdom .
Such wisdom will move us to respond mildly when provoked and will draw us ever closer to the Source of infinite wisdom , Jehovah .
If someone treats you harshly or unfairly , what can help you to keep your emotions in check and to react in a way that brings joy to Jehovah ?
Why not meditate on the following valuable principles ?
1 SHUN “ THE SPIRIT OF THE WORLD . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
2 : 12 .
Many people equate mildness with weakness .
They reason that to be strong , a person has to be assertive and aggressive .
Such thinking reflects the spirit of this world ​ — not the wisdom from above .
In fact , the Bible makes it clear that a mild temper has great strength .
“ By long forbearing and calmness of spirit a . . . ruler is persuaded , and soft speech breaks down the most bonelike resistance . ” ​ — Prov .
25 : 15 , The Amplified Bible .
Questions for reflection :
Do I view a mild temper as a sign of strength or of weakness ?
Am I endeavoring to avoid “ the works of the flesh , ” such as fits of anger and strife ? ​ — Gal .
5 : 19 , 20 .
2 TAKE TIME TO MEDITATE .
“ The heart of the righteous one meditates before answering , but the mouth of the wicked blurts out bad things . ”
If we speak in the heat of the moment , we may blurt out words that we will later regret .
However , by meditating or thinking before we speak , we will be able to collect our thoughts , respond mildly , and encourage a favorable reaction .
Questions for reflection :
How will a quick temper affect me ?
Can I , for the sake of peace , overlook the injustice ? ​ — Prov .
19 : 11 .
3 PRAY OFTEN .
Pray for holy spirit , the most powerful force in the universe .
Remember that the fruitage of God’s holy spirit includes mildness and self - control .
“ Incessant prayer to Jehovah has been an invaluable help to me , particularly when situations have been tense , ” recalls Adolfo .
Jehovah will likewise answer our fervent pleas for holy spirit if we “ persevere in prayer . ” ​ — Rom . 12 : 12 .
Questions for reflection :
Do I regularly pray that Jehovah examine my heart and my motives ?
Do I ask him for his holy spirit and the wisdom to act in a way that pleases him ? ​ — Ps . 139 : 23 , 24 ; Jas . 1 : 5 .
Have you carefully read the recent issues of The Watchtower ?
Well , see if you can answer the following questions :
What type of sin was Jesus speaking of in the counsel outlined at Matthew 18 : 15 - 17 ?
He was speaking of matters that can be settled between those directly involved .
But the sin is serious enough to merit disfellowshipping if the matter is not settled .
For example , the sin might be slander , or it might involve fraud . ​ — w16.05 , p . 7 .
What can you do to make Bible reading more beneficial ?
You can do the following : Read with an open mind , seeking lessons that you can apply ; ask yourself such questions as ‘ How can I use this to help others ? ’
; and use available tools to do research on the material you just read . ​ — w16.05 , pp . 24 - 26 .
Is it wrong for a Christian to grieve even while believing in the resurrection ?
Faith in the resurrection does not eliminate the deep loss a Christian may feel .
Abraham mourned the death of Sarah .
In time , the grief will soften . ​ — wp16.3 , p . 4 .
Whom do the man with the secretary’s inkhorn , mentioned in Ezekiel chapter 9 , and the six men with weapons symbolize ?
We understand them to picture heavenly forces that were involved in the destruction of Jerusalem and that will be involved in bringing destruction at Armageddon .
In the modern - day fulfillment , the man with the inkhorn represents Jesus Christ , who marks those who will survive . ​ — w16.06 , pp .
16 - 17 .
The Bible survived what sorts of threats ?
It survived ( 1 ) the threat of decay of the materials used to write on , such as papyrus and parchment ; ( 2 ) opposition by political and religious leaders who tried to destroy it ; and ( 3 ) attempts by some to alter its message . ​ — wp16.4 , pp . 4 - 7 .
What are ways in which a Christian might simplify his life ?
Identify your actual needs , and eliminate unnecessary expenses .
Prepare a realistic budget .
Dispose of things you do not use , and pay off debts .
Cut back on your employment , and plan how to expand your ministry . ​ — w16.07 , p .
10 . The Bible identifies what as more valuable than gold or silver ?
Job 28 : 12 , 15 shows that divine wisdom is better than gold or silver .
As you seek it , strive to remain humble and strong in faith . ​ — w16.08 , pp . 18 - 19 .
Is it proper for a brother today to have a beard ?
In some cultures , a neat beard may be acceptable and may not detract from the Kingdom message .
Still , some brothers might decide not to have a beard .
In other cultures and localities , beards are not considered acceptable for Christian ministers . ​ — w16.09 , p .
21 . Why can we trust the Bible record of David versus Goliath ?
The height given for Goliath is just six inches ( 15 cm ) taller than that of the tallest man documented in modern times .
David was a real person , as confirmed by an ancient inscription that mentions the house of David and by what Jesus said .
The recorded geographic details match known facts . ​ — wp16.5 , p .
13 . How do knowledge , understanding , and wisdom differ ?
A person who has knowledge takes in information , or facts .
Someone who has understanding can see how one fact relates to another .
But a person who has wisdom is able to combine knowledge with understanding and use them well . ​ — w16.10 , p . 18 .
Indicating the issue in which each article appears
Chapters and Verses , No .
2
Lefèvre d’Étaples ( translator ) , No .

6
Story of Survival , No . 4
I Failed Many Times ( J .

Mutke ) , No . 4
I Learned to Respect Women ( J .
Ehrenbogen ) , No . 3
I Was Bitter and Violent ( A .
De la Fuente ) , No .
5 One Year of Peace and Happiness ( A .
Broggio ) , No .
1 Better Than Gold ( divine wisdom ) , Aug . Defending Good News Before Officials , Sept .
Do Not Be Anxious , No .
1 Help in Your Congregation , Mar .
Imitate Spirit of the Prophets , Mar .
Keep On Serving Jehovah With Joy , Feb .
Mild Temper ​ — Way of Wisdom , Dec .
More Precious Than Diamonds ( honesty ) , June
Overcoming Insecurity , No .
1 “ Safeguard Practical Wisdom , ” Oct .
Using Your Imagination Wisely , Apr .
Why Be Honest ?
No .
1 Worship at Shrines ?
No . 2
Your Ministry Like the Dew ?
Apr .
“ Cares for You , ” June
“ Do Not Be Afraid .
I Will Help You , ” July
Name , No .
3 Benefit From Jehovah’s Guidance ( experiences ) , Sept .
“ Kingdom Publishers in Britain ​ — Wake Up ! ! ”
( 1937 ) , Nov .
Offered Selves in Ghana , July
Offered Selves in Oceania , Jan .
“ Reaping Fruit to Jehovah’s Praise ” ( Germany , World War I ) , Aug .
Sound Car Known to Millions ( Brazil ) , Feb .
“ The Work Is Great ” ( contributions ) , Nov .
“ To Whom the Work Is Entrusted ” ( Cedar Point , Ohio , U.S.A . , convention ) , May
Dealings With Lepers Unusual , No . 4
Joseph’s Father , No . 3
Why Suffer and Die ?
No .
2 Becoming All Things to People of All Sorts ( D .
Hopkinson ) , Dec .
Embracing Bible Truth Without Hands and Arms ( B .
Merten ) , No .
6 Endeavoring to Mirror Fine Examples ( T .
McLain ) , Oct . I Found Happiness in Giving ( R .
Parkin ) , Aug .
Jehovah Has Given Me Success ( C . Robison ) , Feb .
Nuns Become True Spiritual Sisters ( F . and A .
Fernández ) , Apr .
“ Battle Belongs to Jehovah ” ( David ) , No . 5
Chief Priests in Christian Scriptures , No .
1 David Versus Goliath ​ — Really Happen ?
No .
5 Freedom Rome Granted Jews in Judea , Oct .
God Answer All Prayers ?
No .
6 Grounds on Which Jewish Religious Leaders Granted Divorce , No . 4
Heeding Warnings , No .
2 “ I Am Willing to Go ” ( Rebekah ) , No . 3
Lessons From Birds , No .
6 Most Useful Comparison ( beliefs with Bible ) , No .
4
Necessary to Belong to a Religion ?
No .
4 Pray in Special Position ?
No .
6
Religion Man - Made ?
No .
4 Scrolls in Bible Times , No . 1 Textiles and Dyes in Bible Times , No . 3
Visions of Spirit Realm , No .
6 What Happens When We Die ?
No .
1 What Is the Kingdom of God ?
No . 5
When Loved One Dies , No . 3
Where Can You Find Comfort ?
No .
5
Who Is the Devil ?
No .
2 Word That Meant So Much !
( “ daughter ” ) , Nov . World Free of Violence Possible ?
No .
4 Would Someone Oversow a Field With Weeds ?
Oct . Expressing joy over reinstatement , May

Giving gifts or tips to government employees , May
Joining together of two sticks , July
Man with secretary’s inkhorn and six men with weapons , June
Pool of Bethzatha “ stirred up ” , May
Satan physically take Jesus to temple ? , Mar .
“ Token ” and “ seal ” that anointed receive , Apr .
What is “ the word of God ” ? , Sept .
When were God’s people captive to Babylon the Great ?
Mar .
Why Handwashing an Issue ? , Aug . Appreciating Jehovah as Our Potter , June
Be Compelled by God’s “ Indescribable Free Gift , ” Jan .
Be Determined to “ Let Your Brotherly Love Continue ” !
Jan .
Being Faithful Leads to God’s Approval , Apr . Benefit Fully From Jehovah’s Provisions , May
By Undeserved Kindness You Were Set Free , Dec .
Called Out of Darkness , Nov .
Does Your Style of Dress Glorify God ? Sept .
“ Do Not Forget Kindness to Strangers , ” Oct .
Do Not Let the Faults of Others Stumble You , June
“ Do Not Let Your Hands Drop Down , ” Sept . Do You Highly Esteem Jehovah’s Own Book ? Nov .
Do You Let the Great Potter Mold You ?
June Do You See the Need to Make Spiritual Progress ? Aug .
Do You See the Need to Train Others ?
Aug . Exercise Your Faith in Jehovah’s Promises , Oct .
“ Go , . . . and Make Disciples of People of All the Nations , ” May
Grateful Recipients of God’s Undeserved Kindness , July
How Do You Make Personal Decisions ?
May
Imitate Jehovah’s Close Friends , Feb . Is the Bible Still Changing Your Life ?
May Jehovah Called Him “ My Friend , ” Feb .
Jehovah Guides His People in the Way of Life , Mar .
“ Jehovah Our God Is One Jehovah , ” June
Jehovah Rewards Those Who Earnestly Seek Him , Dec .
Keep Contending for Jehovah’s Blessing , Sept .
“ Keep On Encouraging One Another Each Day , ” Nov .
Learn From Jehovah’s Loyal Servants , Feb .
“ Let Endurance Complete Its Work , ” Apr .
Maintain Your Neutrality in a Divided World , Apr .
Maintain Your Spiritual Health While Serving in a Foreign Field , Oct .
Making Christian Marriage a Success , Aug .
Marriage ​ — Its Origin and Purpose , Aug . Organized in Harmony With God’s Own Book , Nov .
Parents , Help Your Children Build Faith , Sept .
Prove Yourself Loyal to Jehovah , Feb . Seek the Kingdom , Not Things , July
‘ Setting Your Mind on the Spirit Means Life and Peace , ’ Dec .
Settle Differences in a Spirit of Love , May
Spread the Good News of Undeserved Kindness , July
Strengthen Your Faith in What You Hope For , Oct .
The Spirit Bears Witness With Our Spirit , Jan . They Broke Free From False Religion , Nov .
Throw All Your Anxiety on Jehovah , Dec .
“ We Want to Go With You , ” Jan .
Why Must We “ Keep on the Watch ” ?
July
Why Should We Meet Together for Worship ?
Apr .
Working Together With God ​ — A Cause for Rejoicing , Jan .
You Can Share in Strengthening Our Christian Unity ​ — How ?
Mar .
Young Ones ​ — Are You Ready to Get Baptized ?
Mar .
Young Ones ​ — How Can You Prepare for Baptism ?
Mar .
Young Ones , Strengthen Your Faith , Sept .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Many tourists come to the city of Aveiro in northern Portugal to see the interesting salt evaporation ponds .
Local Witnesses make sure to offer the good news to those who sell the locally produced salt
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
Table of Contents
3 Why Read the Bible ?
4 How Can I Get Started ?
5 What Will Make It Interesting ?
6 How Can the Bible Improve My Life ?
8 THE BIBLE CHANGES LIVES
I Did Not Want to Die !
10 IMITATE THEIR FAITH | ENOCH
“ He Had Pleased God Well ”
14 IS IT JUST A SMALL MISUNDERSTANDING ?
16 WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ?
Is the Bible outdated in our modern age ?
Or does it still have value ?
The Bible itself says : “ All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial . ” ​ — 2 Timothy 3 : 16 , 17 .
This issue of The Watchtower highlights examples of the Bible’s practical wisdom and offers suggestions on how to get the most out of your Bible reading .
COVER SUBJECT | HOW TO GET MORE FROM READING THE BIBLE
“ I thought the Bible would be so hard to understand . ” ​ — Jovy
“ I felt that it would be boring . ” ​ — Queennie
“ When I looked at how thick the Bible is , I lost any desire to read it . ” ​ — Ezekiel
Have you ever thought about reading the Bible but held off because of feelings like those above ?
For many , reading the Bible seems daunting .
But what if you learned that the Bible can help you to have a happier and more satisfying life ?
And what if you found out that there are some approaches to reading it that can make it more interesting ?
Would you be willing to take a look at what the Bible can offer you ?
Consider just a few comments from those who found it to be rewarding when they started reading the Bible .
Ezekiel , who is in his early 20 ’ s , says : “ In the past , I was like someone who is driving a car without any destination in mind .
But reading the Bible has helped me have a meaningful life .
It contains practical advice that I can use every day . ”
Frieda , also in her 20 ’ s , explains : “ I used to be hotheaded .
But because of my Bible reading , I’ve learned to control myself .
This has made me a lot easier to get along with , so I have more friends now . ”
A woman in her 50 ’ s named Eunice says of the Bible , “ It is helping me to become a better person , to change my not - so - good habits . ”
As those readers and millions more have learned , reading the Bible can help you to live a more enjoyable life .
Among other things , it can help you ( 1 ) make good decisions , ( 2 ) make real friends , ( 3 ) cope with stress , and ( 4 ) best of all , learn the truth about God .
The Bible’s advice comes from God , so you can never go wrong following it .
God never gives bad advice .
The important thing is to get started .
What practical tips can make getting started easier and more enjoyable ?
COVER SUBJECT | HOW TO GET MORE FROM READING THE BIBLE
What approach will help you to enjoy your Bible reading and get the most out of it ?
Take note of five suggestions that have worked for many .
Create the right surroundings .
Try to find a setting that is quiet .
Minimize distractions so you can focus on what you read .
Good lighting and fresh air may help you to get the most from your reading .
Have the right frame of mind .
Since the Bible is from our heavenly Father , you will benefit the most if you have the attitude of a child who is ready to learn from a loving parent .
If you have any negative , preconceived ideas about the Bible , try to set them aside so that God can teach you . ​ — Psalm 25 : 4 .
Pray before you read .
The Bible contains God’s thoughts , so it is not surprising that we need his help to understand it .
God promises to give “ holy spirit to those asking him . ”
The holy spirit can help you to understand God’s thinking .
In time , it will open your mind to grasp “ even the deep things of God . ” ​ — 1 Corinthians 2 : 10 .
Read to understand .
Do not read just to cover material .
Actively think about what you are reading .
Ask yourself such questions as these : ‘ What qualities do I see in the person I am reading about ?
How can I apply this in my life ? ’
Set specific goals .
To be rewarded by your Bible reading , set out to learn something that will truly enrich your life .
You may set goals like the following : ‘ I want to learn more about God himself . ’
‘ I want to become a better person , a better husband or wife . ’
Then select portions of the Bible that will help you reach those goals .
*
These five suggestions will help you get started .
But how might you make your reading even more interesting ?
The next article offers some suggestions .
If you are not sure what portions of the Bible would be most suitable in that regard , Jehovah’s Witnesses will be happy to help you .
Take your time , and avoid rushing
Immerse yourself in what you read ​ — visualize it
Try to see how verses fit in their context
Search for lessons in what you read
COVER SUBJECT | HOW TO GET MORE FROM READING THE BIBLE
Boring ?
Or refreshing ?
What will Bible reading be for you ?
Much depends on how you approach your reading .
Let us take a look at what you can do to increase your interest and enjoyment .
Select a reliable , modern - language translation .
If you read material that contains a great many difficult or out - of - date words that you do not know , you are not likely to enjoy reading it .
So look for a Bible that uses easy - to - understand language that will touch your heart .
At the same time , though , it should be carefully and accurately translated .
*
Use modern technology .
Today the Bible is available not only as a bound , printed book but also as a digital book .
Some Bibles can be read online or downloaded for personal reading on computers , tablets , or cell phones .
Certain versions include additional tools that allow you quickly to check other Bible verses on the same topic or even compare several translations .
If you prefer to listen rather than to read , the Bible is also available in recorded form .
Many people enjoy listening while they commute by public transportation , do laundry , or engage in some other activity that permits listening .
Why not try a method that suits you ?
Use Bible study tools .
Bible study tools can help you get much more out of your reading .
There are maps of the Bible lands , which will help you locate places you encounter in your reading and put events in perspective .
Articles such as those in this magazine or in the “ Bible Teachings ” section of the jw.org website can help you explore the meaning of many parts of the Bible .
Vary your approach .
If reading the Bible from cover to cover seems daunting , why not stimulate your interest by starting with a portion that especially appeals to you ?
If you want to find out about famous people in the Bible , you could try character - based reading .
A sample of that approach is included in the accompanying box “ Dig Into the Bible by Getting to Know Its People . ”
Or maybe you want to read the Bible by topic or by the order in which events occurred .
Why not try one of these approaches ?
Many have found the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures to be accurate , reliable , and very readable as well .
This Bible , produced by Jehovah’s Witnesses , is available in over 130 languages .
You can download a copy from the website jw.org or download the JW Library app .
Or if you prefer , Jehovah’s Witnesses can deliver a printed copy to your home .
Some faithful women
Abigail
1 Samuel chapter 25
Esther
Esther chapters 2 - 5 , 7 - 9
Hannah
1 Samuel chapters 1 - 2
Mary
( Jesus ’ mother ) Matthew chapters 1 - 2 ; Luke chapters 1 - 2 ; see also John 2 : 1 - 12 ; Acts 1 : 12 - 14 ; 2 : 1 - 4
Rahab
Joshua chapters 2 , 6 ; see also Hebrews 11 : 30 , 31 ; James 2 : 24 - 26
Rebekah
Genesis chapters 24 - 27
Sarah
Genesis chapters 17 - 18 , 20 - 21 , 23 ; see also Hebrews 11 : 11 ; 1 Peter 3 : 1 - 6
Some outstanding men
Abraham
Genesis chapters 11 - 24 ; see also 25 : 1 - 11
David
1 Samuel chapters 16 - 30 ; 2 Samuel chapters 1 - 24 ; 1 Kings chapters 1 - 2
Jesus
The Gospels of Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John
Moses
Exodus chapters 2 - 20 , 24 , 32 - 34 ; Numbers chapters 11 - 17 , 20 , 21 , 27 , 31 ; Deuteronomy chapter 34
Noah
Genesis chapters 5 - 9
Paul
Acts chapters 7 - 9 , 13 - 28
Peter
Matthew chapters 4 , 10 , 14 , 16 - 17 , 26 ; Acts chapters 1 - 5 , 8 - 12
JW.ORG ​ — This website features many study tools , including the feature “ Bible Questions Answered . ”
It also contains instructions for downloading the JW Library app
“ See the Good Land ” ​ — This brochure features maps and photographs of places mentioned in the Bible
Insight on the Scriptures ​ — A two - volume Bible encyclopedia that includes explanations of people , places , and terms found in the Bible
“ All Scripture Is Inspired of God and Beneficial ” ​ — This scholarly book explains when , where , and why each book of the Bible was written and gives a summary of each book’s contents
The Bible ​ — God’s Word or Man’s ? ​ — This small , carefully researched book examines the evidence for the Bible’s claim that it is the inspired Word of God
The Bible ​ — What Is Its Message ? ​ — A 32 - page brochure that summarizes the Bible’s overall theme
COVER SUBJECT | HOW TO GET MORE FROM READING THE BIBLE
The Bible is no ordinary book .
It contains advice from our Creator .
Its message can influence us profoundly .
In fact , the Bible states : “ The word of God is alive and exerts power . ”

It has the power to improve our life in two key ways ​ — offering guidance in our daily life now and helping us get to know God and his promises . ​ — 1 Timothy 4 : 8 ; James 4 : 8 .
Improving your life now .
The Bible can help with very personal matters .
It gives practical advice about the following .
Relationships with others . ​ — Ephesians 4 : 31 , 32 ; 5 : 22 , 25 , 28 , 33 .
Emotional and physical health . ​ — Psalm 37 : 8 ; Proverbs 17 : 22 .
Moral values . ​ — 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 , 10 .
Economic welfare . ​ — Proverbs 10 : 4 ; 28 : 19 ; Ephesians 4 : 28 .
*
A young couple in Asia greatly appreciated the value of the Bible’s advice .
Like many newly married couples , they struggled with adjusting to each other’s personality and with having open communication .
But they began applying what they read in the Bible .
With what result ?
The husband , Vicent , says : “ What I read in the Bible helped me to deal with challenges in our marriage in a loving way .
Living by the Bible has given us a happy life together . ”
His wife , Annalou , agrees : “ Reading examples in the Bible helped us .
I now feel happy and content with our marriage and our goals in life . ”
Getting to know God .
Aside from his comments about marriage , Vicent also says : “ By reading the Bible , I feel much closer to Jehovah now than ever before . ”
Vicent’s observation focuses on an important point ​ — the Bible can help you get acquainted with God .
In so doing , you will not only benefit from his advice but also find that you can get to know him as a friend .
And you will see that he reveals details about a better future , a time when you can enjoy “ the real life ” ​ — which will last forever .
That is something that no other book can offer .
If you set out to read the Bible and keep at it , you too can gain those benefits ​ — improving your life now and getting to know God .
However , as you read the Bible , you will likely think of numerous questions .
And when you do , keep in mind the good example of an Ethiopian official who lived 2,000 years ago .
He was full of questions about the Bible .
When asked if he understood what he was reading , he replied : “ Really , how could I ever do so unless someone guided me ? ”
* He then eagerly accepted help from someone who was already a qualified Bible teacher , Philip , an early disciple of Jesus .
In the same spirit , if you would like to know more about the Bible , we invite you to submit a request online at www.jw.org or write to the nearest address , as listed in this magazine .
You may also contact Jehovah’s Witnesses near you or visit a Kingdom Hall in your area .
Why not pick up a Bible today and let it guide you to a better life ?
If you are wondering whether you can fully trust the Bible , please see the short video How Can We Be Sure the Bible Is True ?
You can find it by going to jw.org , clicking the Search button , and entering the title .
For more examples of the Bible’s practical advice , see our website , jw.org .
Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE QUESTIONS ANSWERED .
Also see the article in this issue entitled “ Is It Just a Small Misunderstanding ? ”
THE BIBLE CHANGES LIVES
As told by Yvonne Quarrie
YEAR BORN : 1964
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN : ENGLAND
HISTORY : WAYWARD TEENAGE MOTHER
I was born in Paddington , a densely populated area of London , England .
I lived with my mother and three older sisters .
My father came in and out of our lives as a result of his problems with alcohol .
When I was a child , my mother taught me to pray every night .
I had a small Bible containing just the Psalms , and I made up tunes so that I could sing them .
I remember reading a phrase in one of my secular books that stuck in my mind : “ Someday there will be no tomorrow . ”
Those words made me lie awake at night thinking about the future .
‘ Surely there must be more to life , ’ I thought .
‘ Why am I here ? ’
I did not want to die !
I became very curious about the occult .
I tried to talk to the dead , visited graveyards with school friends , and watched horror movies with them .
We thought it was both exciting and frightening at the same time .
I started to go wayward when I was only ten years old .
I began smoking tobacco , and I quickly became addicted .
Later , I progressed to smoking marijuana .
By the age of 11 , I was experimenting with alcohol .
Although I did not like the taste of it , I liked the effect of getting drunk .
I also loved music and dancing .
I went to parties and nightclubs whenever I could .
I used to sneak out at night and sneak back in again just before the morning light .
Tired the next day , I regularly played hooky from school . When I did attend , I often drank alcohol between lessons .
I received very poor grades in my final year at school .
Mostly unaware of the extent of my wayward behavior , my mother was disappointed and angry .
We quarreled , and I ran away from home .
For a while , I stayed with my boyfriend , Tony , who was Rastafarian .
He was involved in petty crime and selling drugs and had a reputation for being extremely violent .
I soon became pregnant and , at just 16 years of age , gave birth to our son .
I first met Jehovah’s Witnesses while I was living at a hostel for unmarried mothers and their babies .
I had been given a room there by the local authorities .
Two female Witnesses regularly visited some of the other young mothers .
One day I joined in a discussion with them .
I intended to prove the Witnesses wrong .
Yet they answered each one of my many questions calmly and clearly from the Bible .
They were so kind and gentle , which I found very appealing .
So I agreed to study the Bible with them myself .
I soon learned something from the Bible that changed my life .
Ever since I was young , I had feared dying .
Yet now I discovered Jesus ’ teaching about the resurrection !
Also , I learned that God cared about me personally .
I was especially touched by the words of Jeremiah 29 : 11 , which says : “ ‘ For I well know the thoughts that I am thinking toward you , ’ declares Jehovah , ‘ thoughts of peace , and not of calamity , to give you a future and a hope . ’ ”
I began to believe that I could have the hope of living forever in Paradise on earth . ​ — Psalm 37 : 29 .
Jehovah’s Witnesses expressed genuine love toward me .
When I first attended one of their meetings , the atmosphere was warm and inviting ​ — everyone was so friendly !
That was a big contrast to the treatment I had received at a local church .
The Witnesses welcomed me despite my circumstances .
They gave me time , care , and attention , as well as much practical help .
I felt as though I were part of a big , loving family .
From my Bible study , I realized that I would have to make changes in my life to meet God’s high moral standards .
I did not find it easy to stop smoking tobacco .
At the same time , I recognized that certain music increased my desire to smoke marijuana , so I changed the music that I listened to .
Wanting to stay sober , I stopped going to parties and nightclubs where I would be tempted to get drunk .
And I sought out new friends whose positive influence would help me in my new lifestyle . ​ — Proverbs 13 : 20 .
Meanwhile , Tony had also been studying the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses .
As the Witnesses answered his questions from the Bible , he too became convinced of the truth of what he was learning .
He made major changes in his life : he withdrew from his previous violent associates , stopped his petty criminal activities , and gave up smoking marijuana .
In order to please Jehovah fully , we also both saw the need to adjust our immoral way of life and provide a stable environment for our son .
We were married in 1982 .
“ I no longer lie awake at night worrying about the future or death ”
I remember searching out articles in Watchtower and Awake !
* magazines with stories of people who had successfully made the changes I wanted to make .
I was so encouraged by their examples !
I felt strengthened to keep trying hard and not give up .
I kept praying to Jehovah not to give up on me .
Tony and I were baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses in July 1982 .
Developing a friendship with Jehovah God saved my life .
Tony and I have also experienced Jehovah’s support through difficult times .
We have learned to rely on God through difficulties , and we feel that he has always helped and sustained our family . ​ — Psalm 55 : 22 .
I have taken delight in helping our son and daughter get to know Jehovah as I do .
Now I feel similar joy as I see their children also growing in knowledge of God .
I no longer lie awake at night worrying about the future or death .
Tony and I are fully occupied with traveling to different congregations of Jehovah’s Witnesses each week to encourage them .
We join them in teaching others that if they exercise faith in Jesus , they too can enjoy everlasting life .
Also published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
IMITATE THEIR FAITH | ENOCH
ENOCH had lived a long time .
It might be hard for us to imagine , but that man’s life stretched back for some 365 years ​ — more than four very long life spans by today’s standards !
But he was not truly old , not in the world of his time .
Back then , over 50 centuries ago , people lived far longer than they do today .
Adam , the first man , had been living for over six hundred years when Enoch was born , and Adam lived on for another three centuries !
Some of Adam’s descendants lived even longer than that .
So at 365 , Enoch may still have looked fairly vibrant , like a man who had much of his life yet ahead of him .
In fact , though , he did not .
Enoch was likely in grave danger .
Picture him on the run , unable to put out of his mind the reaction of the people to whom he had recently spoken a message from God .
Their faces were twisted with rage .
Those people hated him .
They despised his message , and they loathed the God who had sent him .
They could not strike out at Enoch’s God , Jehovah , but they could certainly strike out at this man !
Perhaps Enoch wondered if he would ever see his family again .
Did he think of his wife and daughters or of his son Methuselah or of his grandson Lamech ?
Was this the end ?
Enoch is a somewhat mysterious figure in the Bible record .
Only three short Bible passages deal with him at any length .
However , those verses provide , in effect , enough brushstrokes to paint a picture of a man of great faith .
Do you provide for a family ?
Have you ever faced the struggle of standing up for what you know to be right ?
If so , you may learn much from the faith of Enoch .
Mankind was in a bad way when Enoch came along .
It was the seventh generation in the line of Adam .
Granted , humans were much closer to the physical perfection that Adam and Eve had once possessed and lost .
That is why people still lived so long .
Yet , they were in a terrible condition morally and spiritually .
Violence was prevalent .
That trend had started in the second generation , when Cain murdered his brother Abel .
One of Cain’s descendants seems to have been quite proud of being even more violent and vengeful than Cain !
In the third generation , a new evil arose .
People began calling on the name of Jehovah , but not as a reverent act of worship .
They were evidently using God’s sacred name in a blasphemous , disrespectful way . ​ — Genesis 4 : 8 , 23 - 26 .
That kind of corrupt religion was likely in full sway during Enoch’s time .
As Enoch grew up , then , he faced a choice .
Would he fit in with the crowd of his day ?
Or would he search for the true God , Jehovah , who had made the heavens and the earth ?
He must have been deeply moved to learn about Abel , who had died as a martyr because he worshipped Jehovah in a way that pleased Him .
Enoch decided to take a similar stand .
Genesis 5 : 22 tells us : “ Enoch continued to walk with the true God . ”
That remarkable expression singles out Enoch as a godly man in a godless world .
He is the first human the Bible describes in that way .
The same Bible verse says that Enoch continued to walk with Jehovah after he fathered his son Methuselah .
So we see Enoch as a family man when he was about 65 years old .
He had a wife , unnamed in Scripture , and an unspecified number of “ sons and daughters . ”
If a father is to walk with God while raising and providing for a family , he must try to care for his family in God’s way .
Enoch understood that Jehovah expected him to stick faithfully to his wife .
And he surely did his best to instruct his children about Jehovah God .
With what result ?
The inspired record offers only tantalizing hints on that score .
It says nothing about the faith of Enoch’s son Methuselah , whose life span became the longest in the Bible record , ending in the year that the great Deluge came .
However , Methuselah fathered a son named Lamech .
Lamech’s life overlapped with that of his grandfather Enoch for over a century .
And Lamech grew up to show notable faith .
Jehovah inspired him to utter a prophecy about Noah , Lamech’s son , and that prophecy came true after the Flood .
Noah , like his great - grandfather Enoch , was singled out as a man who walked with God .
Noah never met Enoch .
But Enoch left a rich legacy .
Noah could have learned of that legacy from his own father , Lamech , or from his grandfather Methuselah or perhaps even from Jared , Enoch’s father , who died when Noah was 366 years old . ​ — Genesis 5 : 25 - 29 ; 6 : 9 ; 9 : 1 .
Think of the contrast between Enoch and Adam .
Adam , though perfect , sinned against Jehovah and left his descendants a legacy of rebellion and misery .
Enoch , though imperfect , walked with God and left his descendants a legacy of faith .
Adam died when Enoch was 308 years old .
Did Adam’s family mourn that profoundly selfish forefather ?
We do not know .
In any case , Enoch “ kept walking with the true God . ” ​ — Genesis 5 : 24 .
If you are providing for a family , consider what you can learn from the faith of Enoch .
Vital though it is to provide for your family physically , there is no need more important than the spiritual kind .
You fill that need not only by what you say but what you do .
If you choose to walk with God as Enoch did , letting God’s inspired standards guide you in life , you too will give your family a rich legacy ​ — a priceless example for them to imitate .
Enoch may have felt lonely as a man of faith in such a faithless world .
But did his God , Jehovah , take notice of him ?
He did .
The day came when Jehovah communicated with this faithful servant of his .
God gave Enoch a message to deliver to the people of his day .
He thus made Enoch a prophet , the first one whose message is revealed in the Bible .
We know of this because Jude , a half brother of Jesus , was inspired to write down Enoch’s prophetic words many centuries later .
*
What was Enoch’s prophecy ?
It went as follows : “ Look ! Jehovah came with his holy myriads to execute judgment against all , and to convict all the ungodly concerning all their ungodly deeds that they did in an ungodly way , and concerning all the shocking things that ungodly sinners spoke against him . ”
Now , the first thing you may notice is that Enoch spoke in the past tense , as if God had already done what the prophecy describes .
That is a pattern that many prophecies thereafter followed .
The idea is this : The prophet is speaking of something that is so certain to occur that it may be described as if it has already happened ! ​ — Isaiah 46 : 10 .
Enoch fearlessly proclaimed God’s message to a hostile world
What was it like for Enoch to deliver that pronouncement , perhaps by preaching it to all who would hear ?
Notice how forceful the warning was ​ — four times it used the word “ ungodly ” to denounce the people , their deeds , and the way they carried out those deeds .
The prophecy thus warned all humans that the world they had built up since the expulsion from Eden was corrupt through and through .
That world would face a cataclysmic end when Jehovah would come with his “ holy myriads ” ​ — legions of mighty angels in battle array — ​ to bring destruction .
Enoch fearlessly shared that divine warning , and he did it alone !
Perhaps young Lamech watched , in awe of his grandfather’s courage .
If so , we can well understand why .
Enoch’s faith may move us to ask ourselves whether we see the world in which we live as God sees it .
The judgment that Enoch bravely proclaimed still stands ; it applies to today’s world just as it did to the world of Enoch’s day .
In harmony with Enoch’s warning , Jehovah brought the great Deluge against that ungodly world in Noah’s day .
But that destruction set the pattern for a greater destruction yet to come .
Today , as then , God stands poised with his holy myriads to bring a righteous judgment against an ungodly world .
Each of us needs to take Enoch’s warning to heart and share it with others .
Our family and friends might stand apart from us .
We may feel alone at times .
But Jehovah never abandoned Enoch ; neither will he abandon his faithful servants today !
How did the end come for Enoch ?
In a way , his death is even more mysterious and intriguing than his life .
The Genesis account simply says : “ Enoch kept walking with the true God . Then he was no more , for God took him . ” In what way did God take Enoch ?
The apostle Paul later explained : “ By faith Enoch was transferred so as not to see death , and he was nowhere to be found because God had transferred him ; for before he was transferred he received the witness that he had pleased God well . ”
What did Paul mean by that phrase “ transferred so as not to see death ” ?
Some Bible translations say that God took Enoch to heaven .
But that cannot be .
The Bible shows that Jesus Christ was the first one ever resurrected to heaven . ​ — John 3 : 13 .
In what sense , then , was Enoch “ transferred ” so that he did not “ see death ” ?

Jehovah likely transferred Enoch gently from life to death , sparing him any pangs of death .
But first , Enoch received “ the witness that he had pleased God well . ”
How ?
Just before his death , Enoch may have received a vision from God , perhaps one showing him the earth as a paradise .
With that vivid sign of Jehovah’s approval , Enoch fell asleep in death .
Writing about Enoch and other faithful men and women , the apostle Paul stated : “ In faith all of these died . ”
Thereafter , his enemies may have searched for the body , but it was “ nowhere to be found , ” perhaps because Jehovah disposed of it , preventing them from desecrating it or using it to promote false religion .
*
With that Scriptural reasoning in mind , then , let us try to imagine how Enoch’s life might have ended .
Picture this scenario , remembering that it is only one possibility .
Enoch was on the run , nearing exhaustion .
His persecutors were after him , seething with rage over his judgment message .
Enoch found a place to hide and rest for a while , but he knew that he could not escape for long .
A violent death loomed very near now .
As he rested , he prayed to his God .
Then a profound sense of peace came upon him .
A vision , as vivid as if Enoch were really there , took him far away .
Enoch was likely facing a violent end when Jehovah took him
Imagine that a view opened before him , showing a world wholly different from the one he knew .
It seemed to him that it was as beautiful as the garden of Eden , but there were no cherubs guarding it to keep humans out .
Men and women ​ — all full of health and youthful vigor — ​ were numerous .
Peace reigned among them .
There was no trace of the hatred and religious persecution that Enoch knew only too well .
As for himself , Enoch sensed Jehovah’s assurance , love , and approval .
He felt sure that this place was where he belonged ; it would be his own home .
As peace stole over him , Enoch closed his eyes and drifted into a deep , dreamless sleep .
And there he remains to this day ​ — asleep in death , carefully preserved in the limitless memory of Jehovah God !
As Jesus later promised , the day will come when all those who are in God’s memory will hear Christ’s voice and come out of the grave , opening their eyes to a beautiful and peaceful new world . ​ — John 5 : 28 , 29 .
Would you like to be there ?
Imagine the thrill of meeting Enoch .
Think of the fascinating things we could learn from him !
He could tell us if our imaginary scenario about his final moments was close to the truth .
But there is something we urgently need to learn from him right now .
After discussing Enoch , Paul went on to say : “ Without faith it is impossible to please God well . ”
What a powerful reason for each of us to imitate the courageous faith of Enoch !
Some Bible scholars assert that Jude quoted an apocryphal work called the Book of Enoch , but that book is a fanciful work of uncertain origin , falsely attributed to Enoch .
It contains an accurate mention of Enoch’s prophecy , but that may have been drawn from an ancient source now lost to us ​ — whether a written document or an oral tradition .
Jude may have used the same ancient source , or he may have learned about Enoch from Jesus , who witnessed Enoch’s life course from heaven .
Similarly , God likely ensured that the bodies of Moses and Jesus were beyond the reach of such abuses . ​ — Deuteronomy 34 : 5 , 6 ; Luke 24 : 3 - 6 ; Jude 9 .
A little girl saw smoke rising from factory smokestacks and expanding into what looked like puffy clouds .
She concluded that the purpose of the factory was to make clouds .
Such a small misunderstanding on the part of a child can be amusing .
However , a major misunderstanding can impact our lives .
For example , misreading the label on a container of medicine could bring serious consequences .
Misunderstandings about spiritual matters can be even more serious .
For example , some people misunderstood Jesus ’ teachings .
Instead of learning more , they rejected everything that Jesus taught .
What a loss !
Do you read the Bible for guidance ?
That is commendable .
Is there a danger , though , that you might misunderstand something that you have read ?
It happens to many people .
Consider three common misunderstandings .
Some people misunderstand the Bible command to “ fear the true God . ”
They assume that a morbid dread of God is called for .
But God does not want those who worship him to feel that way about him .
He says : “ Do not be afraid , for I am with you . Do not be anxious , for I am your God .
I will fortify you , yes , I will help you . ”
To fear God simply means to feel awe and deep respect for him .
Will the earth be burned up by fire ?
Some people misread these inspired words : “ There is an appointed time for everything , . . . a time for birth and a time to die . ”
They conclude that God has decided the exact moment when each human will die .
However , that passage is actually commenting on the cycle of life and noting that death is our common lot .
God’s Word also teaches that our own decisions can affect our life span .
For example , we read : “ The fear of Jehovah prolongs life . ”
How so ?
For instance , respect for God’s Word will move us to avoid such unhealthy practices as drunkenness and immorality . ​ — 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 , 10 .
Some take the Bible literally when it states that the heavens and the earth are “ reserved for fire , ” and they conclude that God will destroy this planet .
But God promises that he will never allow the literal earth to be destroyed .
God “ has established the earth on its foundations ; it will not be moved from its place forever and ever . ”
It is this corrupt world system of things , not the literal planet , that will meet its permanent end , as if destroyed by fire .
As for the heavens , when the word is meant literally , it may refer either to the sky , the starry universe , or God’s place of dwelling .
None of these will be destroyed .
As you can see from those examples , people often misunderstand passages they read in the Bible .
But why would God allow that to happen ?
Some might reason : ‘ If God is all - wise and all - knowing , he could have provided us with a book so clearly written that everyone would easily understand it .
Why did he not do that ? ’
Consider three reasons why the Bible is often misunderstood .
The Bible is designed to be understood by those who are humble and willing to learn .
Jesus said to his Father : “ I publicly praise you , Father , Lord of heaven and earth , because you have carefully hidden these things from wise and intellectual ones and have revealed them to young children . ”
The Bible is written in such a way that only those with the right attitude would understand its message .
People with a proud attitude ​ — a common trait of “ wise and intellectual ones ” — ​ tend to misunderstand the Bible .
But people who read the Bible with the attitude of “ young children ” ​ — humble and eager to learn — ​ are rewarded with a better understanding of God’s message .
How skillfully God has designed the Bible !
The Bible is directed to people who honestly want God’s help to understand it .
Jesus showed that people would need help to understand fully what he taught .
How would they receive it ?
Jesus explained : “ The helper , the holy spirit , which the Father will send in my name , that one will teach you all things . ”
So God provides his holy spirit ​ — his powerful active force — ​ to help people understand what they read in the Bible .
However , God withholds his spirit from people who do not rely on him to help them , so the Bible often seems obscure to them .
The holy spirit also moves more knowledgeable Christians to come to the aid of those seeking greater understanding . ​ — Acts 8 : 26 - 35 .
Some Bible passages can be understood by humans only at the proper time in history .
For example , the prophet Daniel was told to write down a message for the future .
An angel told him : “ Daniel , keep the words secret , and seal up the book until the time of the end . ”
Over the centuries , many people have read the Bible book of Daniel but could not really understand it .
In fact , even Daniel himself did not understand some of what he wrote down .
He humbly admitted : “ I heard , but I could not understand . ”
Eventually , people would correctly understand God’s prophecy written down by Daniel , but only at the particular time in history that God selected .
The angel explained : “ Go , Daniel , because the words are to be kept secret and sealed up until the time of the end . ”
Who will understand God’s messages ?
“ None of the wicked will understand ; but those having insight will understand . ”
So God does not reveal the meaning of certain Bible passages until the right time arrives .
Has timing ever caused Jehovah’s Witnesses to misunderstand the Bible ?
Yes .
But when God’s time came to make matters clearer , the Witnesses readily adjusted their understanding .
They believe that they thereby imitate Christ’s apostles , who humbly adjusted their thinking whenever Jesus corrected them . ​ — Acts 1 : 6 , 7 .
A little girl’s fanciful ideas about where clouds come from may be just a small misunderstanding .
However , what the Bible teaches is of major importance to you .
The Bible’s message is too important for anyone to try to understand on his own by private Bible reading .
So seek help to understand what you are reading .
Seek out those who study the Bible with a humble attitude , people who rely on God’s holy spirit to understand the Bible , people who are convinced that we are living at a point in history when God wants us to understand the Bible as never before .
Do not hesitate to speak with Jehovah’s Witnesses or to read their careful research on the jw.org website .
The Bible promises : “ If you call out for understanding . . . , you will find the knowledge of God . ” ​ — Proverbs 2 : 3 - 5 .
The world is full of suffering , but is God behind it ?
What would you say ?
Yes
No
Maybe
What the Bible says
“ It is unthinkable for the true God to act wickedly , for the Almighty to do wrong ! ”
God never brings about the evil and suffering we see in the world .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
Satan the Devil , “ the ruler of the world , ” is the main cause of suffering . ​ — John 14 : 30 .
Suffering and evil also often result from the bad choices people make . ​ — James 1 : 14 , 15 .
Some people believe that humans can eliminate suffering through their combined efforts , while others see little hope of world conditions changing for the better so drastically .
What do you think ?
What the Bible says
God will eliminate suffering .
“ Death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore . ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 3 , 4 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
God will use Jesus to undo the suffering caused by the Devil . ​ — 1 John 3 : 8 .
Good people will live in peace on earth forever . ​ — Psalm 37 : 9 - 11 , 29 .
To learn why God allows suffering , see chapter 11 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
Are There Contradictions in the Bible ?
( Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE QUESTIONS ANSWERED )
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
Table of Contents
3 A Gift Unlike Any Other
4 God’s Greatest Gift ​ — Why So Precious ?
6 How Will You Respond to God’s Greatest Gift ?
8 IS CELIBACY A REQUIREMENT FOR CHRISTIAN MINISTERS ?
10 ESCAPE FROM SLAVERY ​ — THEN AND NOW
13 ENJOY THE BENEFITS OF GIVING
16 WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ?
What is the greatest gift that God has ever given us ?
The Bible says : “ God loved the world so much that he gave his only - begotten Son . ” ​ — John 3 : 16 .
This issue of The Watchtower discusses why God sent Jesus to earth to die for us and how we can show appreciation for that gift .
COVER SUBJECT | WILL YOU ACCEPT GOD’S GREATEST GIFT ?
THE boat - shaped pencil sharpener in Jordan’s hand seems unremarkable .
Yet , it is one of his most treasured possessions .
Jordan explains , “ Russell , an elderly family friend , gave it to me when I was very young . ”
After Russell’s death , Jordan learned that Russell had played a pivotal role in the lives of Jordan’s grandfather and parents , reassuring them during difficult times .
“ Now that I have learned more about Russell , ” Jordan says , “ this tiny gift is more valuable to me than ever . ”
As Jordan’s experience illustrates , a gift may have little or no value in some people’s eyes .
To the appreciative recipient , though , it may be precious , even priceless .
The Bible describes a gift of incalculable worth in these well - known words : “ God loved the world so much that he gave his only - begotten Son , so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life . ” ​ — John 3 : 16 .
A gift that can bring the receiver everlasting life !
Can there be any gift of greater worth ?
While some may not recognize the value of that gift , true Christians esteem it as “ precious . ”
Why , though , did God offer the life of his Son as a gift for the world ?
The apostle Paul explains why in these words : “ Through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin , and so death spread to all men . ”
The first man , Adam , sinned by knowingly disobeying God , and he thus suffered the penalty of death .
Through Adam , death came upon all his descendants ​ — the world of humankind .
“ The wages sin pays is death , but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord . ”
To free mankind from the condemnation of death , God sent his Son , Jesus Christ , to earth to sacrifice his perfect life for the world .
On the basis of that sacrifice , known as “ the ransom , ” all who exercise faith in Jesus will have everlasting life . ​ — Romans 3 : 24 .
Regarding all the blessings that God extends to his worshippers through Jesus Christ , Paul declares : “ Thanks be to God for his indescribable free gift . ”
Yes , the ransom is so marvelous that we are incapable of fully describing it .
But among all of God’s gracious gifts to humankind , why is the ransom especially remarkable ?
In what way is it unlike any of God’s other gifts ?
* And how should we respond to it ?
We invite you to read the Bible’s answers to those questions in the following two articles .
Jesus willingly “ surrendered his life for us . ”
However , since that sacrifice was part of God’s purpose , this series of articles focuses on God’s role as the Provider of the ransom .
COVER SUBJECT | WILL YOU ACCEPT GOD’S GREATEST GIFT ?
What makes a gift truly precious to you ?
Likely four factors are involved : ( 1 ) who gave the gift to you , ( 2 ) why it was given , ( 3 ) what was sacrificed to make the gift possible , and ( 4 ) whether the gift filled a real need .
Giving thought to those factors can help us to deepen our appreciation for the ransom ​ — God’s greatest gift .
Some gifts are precious because they were given to us by someone in authority or someone whom we highly esteem .
Other gifts , though of little monetary value , are cherished because they come from a dear family member or a trusted friend .
This was the case with Russell’s gift to Jordan , mentioned in the preceding article .
How does this apply to the gift of the ransom ?
First , the Bible says that “ God sent his only - begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him . ”
That fact makes this gift truly precious .
No one has greater authority than God .
Regarding him , a Hebrew psalmist wrote : “ You , whose name is Jehovah , you alone are the Most High over all the earth . ”
We could not receive a gift from a higher source .
Second , God is “ our Father . ”
How so ?
He gave us life .
In addition , he loyally cares for us as a devoted father cares for his children .
Addressing some of his ancient people as Ephraim , God asked : “ Is Ephraim not a precious son to me , a beloved child ? . . .
My emotions are stirred for him .
And I will surely have pity on him . ”
God feels the same way about his worshippers today .
He is not only our almighty Creator but also our loyal Father and Friend .
Does that not make any gift from him especially treasurable ?
Some gifts are precious because they were given , not out of obligation , but out of genuine love .
A truly unselfish giver does not expect to be repaid for his kindness .
God gave his Son in our behalf because he loved us .
“ By this the love of God was revealed in our case , that God sent his only - begotten Son , ” says the Bible .
To what end ?
“ So that we might gain life through him . ”
Was God obligated to do so ?
Not at all !
“ The ransom paid by Christ Jesus ” is an expression of God’s “ undeserved kindness . ” ​ — Romans 3 : 24 .
Why is God’s gift an act of “ undeserved kindness ” ?
The Bible explains : “ God recommends his own love to us in that , while we were yet sinners , Christ died for us . ”
Unselfish love prompted God to act in behalf of weak , helpless , sinful humans .
We did not earn that love , nor can we ever repay him .
His gift is the greatest expression of love in history .
Some gifts are precious because they represent a great sacrifice made by the giver .
When a person is willing to part with something that is of great value to him and gives it to us , we especially treasure the gift because of the sacrifice .
God “ gave his only - begotten Son . ”
He could not have offered us anyone dearer to him .
During the aeons that God was creating the universe , Jesus worked alongside him and became “ the one he was especially fond of . ”
Jesus is God’s “ beloved Son ” and “ the image of the invisible God . ”
Never has a closer bond existed between two intelligent beings .
Yet , God “ did not even spare his own Son . ”
Jehovah gave his very best for us .
No gift has cost him more .
Some gifts are precious because they fill a real need , even an urgent one .
For example , how grateful you would be to someone who voluntarily paid for a lifesaving medical treatment that you could not afford !
That gift would be priceless indeed , would it not ?

“ Just as in Adam all are dying , so also in the Christ all will be made alive . ”
As descendants of Adam , we are all “ dying , ” unable to escape the stings of sickness and death or to reconcile ourselves to God and be free of guilt before him .
And as lowly humans , we cannot make ourselves or anyone else “ alive . ”
The Bible points out : “ None of them can ever redeem a brother or give to God a ransom for him . . .
It is always beyond their reach . ”
We desperately need help because we cannot afford the price of the ransom .
Left alone , we would be helpless .
Out of his great love , Jehovah willingly paid for the lifesaving “ treatment ” we need , so that by means of Jesus “ all will be made alive . ”
How does the ransom accomplish this ?
“ The blood of Jesus his Son cleanses us from all sin . ”
Yes , faith in the shed blood of Jesus opens the door to forgiveness of sin and to everlasting life .
And what will the ransom do for our dead loved ones ?
“ Since death came through a man , resurrection of the dead also comes through a man [ Jesus ] . ” ​ — 1 Corinthians 15 : 21 .
*
No gift has ever been given by a higher source or motivated by greater love than was the sacrifice of Jesus .
No one has ever given up as much for us as Jehovah God has .
And no gift fills a greater need than the one sacrifice that frees us from sin and death .
Yes , no gift can even approach the indescribable worth of the ransom .
To learn more about Jesus ’ sacrifice and how you can benefit from it , watch the short video Remember Jesus ’ Death at www.jw.org .
Look under PUBLICATIONS > VIDEOS .
For more information about God’s purpose to resurrect the dead , see chapter 7 of the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses and available at www.jw.org .
COVER SUBJECT | WILL YOU ACCEPT GOD’S GREATEST GIFT ?
“ The love the Christ has compels us . . .
He died for all so that those who live should live no longer for themselves , but for him who died for them . ” ​ — 2 Corinthians 5 : 14 , 15 .
AN EXTRAORDINARY gift should compel us to express gratitude .
Jesus highlighted that lesson after he healed ten men of a debilitating disease that had no cure at the time .
One of the ten men “ turned back , glorifying God with a loud voice . ”
Jesus said : “ All ten were cleansed , were they not ?
Where , then , are the other nine ? ”
The lesson ?
How quickly we can forget the kind deeds others do for us !
The ransom is unlike any other gift .
It is by far the greatest gift ever given .
How , then , should you respond to what God has done in your behalf ?
Come to know the Giver .
The ransom does not automatically bring everlasting life to all humans .
Rather , Jesus said in prayer to God : “ This means everlasting life , their coming to know you , the only true God , and the one whom you sent , Jesus Christ . ”
If someone told you that a man saved your life when you were yet a child , would you not be interested in learning more about that man and why he saved you ?
Jehovah God , who gave the lifesaving gift of the ransom , wants you not only to know who he is but also to come into a close relationship with him .
“ Draw close to God , ” the Bible urges , “ and he will draw close to you . ” ​ — James 4 : 8 .
Exercise faith in the ransom .
“ The one who exercises faith in the Son has everlasting life . ”
What does it mean to exercise faith ?
It means action ; to show faith in the ransom requires action .
What kind of action ?
A gift becomes yours only when you reach out and accept it .
So you must reach out and accept the ransom .
How ?
Learn how God wants you to live , and then act accordingly .
* Pray to God for forgiveness and a clean conscience .
Approach God in full confidence that the ransom guarantees an eternal future of peace , security , and prosperity for all who exercise faith in it ! ​ — Hebrews 11 : 1 .
Attend the Memorial of Jesus ’ death .
Jesus instituted an annual event to remind us of the provision of the ransom .
Regarding the observance of that event , he said : “ Keep doing this in remembrance of me . ”
Jehovah’s Witnesses will commemorate Jesus ’ death on Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 , after sundown .
The program , which lasts about one hour , will include a discourse explaining the significance of Jesus ’ death and how it brings present and future benefits .
Last year , some 20 million people around the world attended the Memorial .
We warmly invite you to join us in response to God’s greatest gift .
The best way to come to know God and to draw close to him is to study his Word , the Bible .
Learn how to do this by asking one of Jehovah’s Witnesses or by visiting our website , www.jw.org .
Slave trade between Africa and the Americas was a lucrative business
Blessing * arrived in Europe with the promise of getting work as a hairdresser .
But after ten days of constant beatings , as well as threats of violence against her family back home , she was forced to work as a prostitute .
Depiction of captured slaves in ancient Egypt
Blessing was expected to earn 200 to 300 euros a night to pay off a debt that her madam had set at over 40,000 euros .
* “ I often thought about escaping , ” Blessing explains , “ but I was afraid of what they would do to my family .
I was trapped . ”
Her story is typical of some four million people enslaved in the international sex industry .
Nearly 4,000 years ago , a teenager named Joseph was sold by his brothers .
He ended up in servitude in a prominent Egyptian home .
Unlike Blessing , Joseph was not maltreated by his owner at first .
But when he rejected the advances of his master’s wife , he found himself unjustly accused of attempted rape .
He was thrown into jail and put in irons . ​ — Genesis 39 : 1 - 20 ; Psalm 105 : 17 , 18 .
Joseph was a slave of antiquity ; Blessing is a slave of the 21st century .
But both were victims of the age - old practice of human trafficking , a trade that treats people as commodities and cares for nothing but economic gain .
Warfare proved to be the easiest way for nations to acquire slaves .
Egyptian King Thutmose III is said to have brought back 90,000 prisoners after one military campaign in Canaan .
The Egyptians put them to work as slaves in mining , building temples , and cutting canals .
Under the Roman Empire , wars also provided slaves in abundance , and the demand for slaves sometimes led to war .
It is estimated that by the first century , slaves constituted nearly half the population of Rome .
Many Egyptian and Roman slaves were harshly exploited .
The life expectancy of slaves in Roman mines , for example , was only about 30 years .
As time went on , slavery did not get kinder .
From the 16th century to the 19th century , the slave trade between Africa and the Americas was one of the most lucrative businesses on earth .
‘ It is estimated that between 25 million and 30 million men , women , and children were abducted and sold , ’ says a UNESCO report .
Hundreds of thousands are said to have died during the Atlantic crossing .
Olaudah Equiano , a slave who survived , reported : “ The shrieks of the women , and the groans of the dying , rendered the whole a scene of horror almost inconceivable . ”
Sadly , slavery is not just a tragedy of history .
Some 21 million men , women , and children still work as slaves , under bondage and with little or no pay , according to the International Labour Organization .
Modern - day slaves work in mines , sweat shops , brick factories , brothels , and private homes .
Although illegal , this kind of slavery is apparently on the increase .
Millions still labor in bondage
Brutal treatment has led many slaves to fight for freedom .
In the first century B.C.E . , the gladiator Spartacus and some 100,000 slaves staged an unsuccessful rebellion against Rome .
In the 18th century , slaves on the Caribbean island of Hispaniola rose up against their masters .
The appalling treatment the slaves had suffered on the sugar plantations sparked a 13 - year - long civil war that finally led to the formation of the independent nation of Haiti in 1804 .
The Israelites ’ Exodus from Egypt , however , must surely count as the most successful escape from slavery in all history .
Possibly three million people ​ — an entire nation — ​ were liberated from slavery in Egypt .
They certainly deserved their freedom .
The Bible describes their life in Egypt as being under “ harsh conditions in every form of slavery . ”
One Pharaoh even launched a campaign of infanticide to control the growing Israelite population . ​ — Exodus 1 : 8 - 22 .
The Israelites ’ release from their unjust treatment in Egypt was unique because God himself intervened .
“ I well know the pains they suffer , ” God told Moses . “ I will go down to rescue them . ”
To this day , Jews everywhere celebrate the Passover each year to commemorate that event . ​ — Exodus 12 : 14 .
“ With Jehovah our God there is no injustice , ” says the Bible , and it assures us that he has not changed .
God sent Jesus to “ proclaim liberty to the captives . . . , to send the crushed ones away free . ”
Did this mean freedom for every literal slave ?
Apparently not .
Jesus was sent to liberate people from bondage to sin and death .
He later declared : “ The truth will set you free . ”
Even today , the truth that Jesus taught liberates people in many ways . ​ — See the box “ Escape From a Different Kind of Slavery . ”
Actually , God did help Joseph and Blessing to escape from slavery in different ways .
You can find Joseph’s extraordinary account in chapters 39 to 41 of the Bible book of Genesis .
Blessing’s quest for freedom was no less remarkable .
After being expelled from one European country , Blessing went to Spain .
There she met Jehovah’s Witnesses and began to study the Bible with them .
Determined to straighten out her life , she got a regular job and convinced her former madam to lower the monthly debt payments .
One day , Blessing got a phone call from the madam .
She wanted to pardon Blessing’s debt and to ask for her forgiveness .
What had happened ?
She too had started to study the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses !
“ The truth sets you free in amazing ways , ” says Blessing .
Jehovah God felt grieved by the harsh treatment of Israelite slaves in Egypt ; he must feel the same way about similar injustice today .
True , to end all forms of slavery will require a huge change in human society .
But God promises to bring about just such a change .
“ There are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise , and in these righteousness is to dwell . ” ​ — 2 Peter 3 : 13
Name has been changed .
At the time , the value of the euro was approximately the same as the U.S . dollar .
Alonso was a slave of a different sort .
While still a teenager , he became enslaved to cocaine and heroin .
“ To pay for my drug habit , I turned to crime and became a drug trafficker , ” Alonso confesses .
“ Although I went to four different detoxification centers , I could not break free .
The police finally caught up with me , and I spent four years in prison . ”
After 30 years of slavery to drugs , Alonso began to study the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses .
The Bible’s message touched his heart and made him determined to overcome his addiction .
“ It was very tough , after so many years , ” he recalls .
“ But Jehovah God has helped me to win the battle . ” ​ — Psalm 55 : 22 .
“ My wife is delighted to see how much I have changed , ” says Alonso .
“ I cannot thank Jehovah enough for helping me escape from a course of self - destruction .
Without his help I would still be enslaved .
Or more likely , I would probably be dead . ”
Jesus visited Peter’s mother - in - law and cured her . ​ — Matthew 8 : 14 , 15 ; Mark 1 : 29 - 31
RELIGIONS around the world ​ — such as the Roman Catholic Church , the various Orthodox churches , Buddhism , and others — ​ require celibacy of their religious leaders and clergy .
On the other hand , many people feel that this practice lies at the root of the recent wave of sexual scandals involving clerics of various religions .
It is , therefore , reasonable to ask , Is celibacy a Scriptural requirement for Christian ministers ?
To answer that question , let us consider the origin and development of this practice as well as God’s view of it .
The Encyclopædia Britannica defines celibacy as “ the state of being unmarried and , therefore , sexually abstinent , usually in association with the role of a religious official or devotee . ”
In a 2006 address to the Roman Curia , then Pope Benedict XVI linked compulsory celibacy to “ a tradition that dates back to an epoch close to that of the Apostles . ”
Celibacy , however , was not a religious custom practiced by first - century Christians .
In fact , the apostle Paul , who lived in the first century , warned believers about men who would make “ misleading inspired statements ” and “ forbid marriage . ” ​ — 1 Timothy 4 : 1 - 3 .
It was during the second century that the practice of celibacy began to make its way into the Western “ Christian ” churches .
According to the book Celibacy and Religious Traditions , this was “ consistent with the new wave of sexual restraint that arose in the Roman Empire . ”
In the following centuries , church councils and so - called Church Fathers promoted clerical celibacy .
They thought that sexual intercourse was defiling and incompatible with clerical duties .
Nevertheless , the Encyclopædia Britannica points out that “ as late as the 10th century many priests and even some bishops had wives . ”
Clerical celibacy was enforced during the Lateran Councils of 1123 and 1139 , which were held in Rome , and it has remained the official position of the Roman Catholic Church to the present day .
With this measure , the church prevented the loss of power and income that resulted when priests who were married willed church property to their children .
God’s view of celibacy is clearly expressed in his Word , the Bible .
In it we read Jesus ’ words about those who remained single , as he did , “ on account of the Kingdom of the heavens . ”
Along the same line , the apostle Paul spoke about Christians who chose to follow his example of singleness “ for the sake of the good news . ” ​ — 1 Corinthians 7 : 37 , 38 ; 9 : 23 .
However , neither Jesus nor Paul were commanding ministers to be celibate .
Jesus stated that singleness was a “ gift ” not possessed by all his followers .
When Paul wrote about “ those who have never married , ” he frankly admitted : “ I have no command from the Lord , but I give my opinion . ” ​ — Matthew 19 : 11 ; 1 Corinthians 7 : 25 , footnote .
In addition , the Bible shows that many Christian ministers in the first century , including the apostle Peter , were married men .
In fact , on account of the prevalence of immoral sexual practices in the Roman world of that time , Paul wrote that if a Christian overseer was married , he was to be “ a husband of one wife ” and have “ his children in subjection . ” ​ — 1 Timothy 3 : 2 , 4 .
These were not celibate marriages , for the Bible candidly states that a “ husband [ ought to ] give to his wife her due ” and that married couples should “ not deprive each other ” of sexual intimacies .
Clearly , celibacy is not required by God , nor is it compulsory for Christian ministers .
If celibacy is not compulsory , why did Jesus and Paul speak favorably of singleness ?
Because singleness may afford a person greater opportunities to share the good news with others .
Single ones can give more of themselves , since they are spared the anxieties that married ones experience . ​ — 1 Corinthians 7 : 32 - 35 .
Consider the example of David , who decided to quit his well - paying job in Mexico City to move to a rural area in Costa Rica to teach others the Bible .
Does David feel that singleness helped him to do so ?
“ Definitely , ” he says .
“ It was a challenge to adapt to a new culture and different living conditions , but since I had only myself to care for , the adaptation process was easier . ”
Claudia , a single Christian who has moved to serve in places where evangelizers are needed , says : “ I enjoy my service to God .
My faith and my relationship with God are strengthened when I see how he takes care of me . ”
“ It does not matter whether you are married or single , you will be happy if you give your best to Jehovah God . ” ​ — Claudia
Singleness does not have to be a burden .
Claudia adds : “ It does not matter whether you are married or single , you will be happy if you give your best to Jehovah God . ” ​ — Psalm 119 : 1 , 2 .
“ THE bus can leave , but the Chinese guy stays ! ”
That was what Alexandra overheard while sitting on a bus , waiting to cross the border between two South American countries .
She got off to see what was happening and found a young Chinese man struggling with broken Spanish as he was trying to explain his predicament to a border guard .
Since Alexandra attended a Chinese - language congregation of Jehovah’s Witnesses , she volunteered to help as interpreter .
The man said that he was a legal resident but had been robbed of his documents and money .
At first the officer did not accept this story and even suspected that Alexandra was involved in human trafficking .
Finally , he accepted the man’s explanation , but the hapless traveler had to pay a fine for not having the right document .
Since he had no money , Alexandra offered to lend him $ 20 .
The man could not thank her enough and said he would repay more than $ 20 .
Alexandra explained that she was not looking for a reward ; she was happy to help because she felt it was the right thing to do .
She gave the man some Bible literature and urged him to study the Bible with the Witnesses .
It is heartwarming to hear of generosity toward strangers , and doubtless , similar acts are performed by people of all religions and by people who have no religion .
Would you have been willing to give of yourself in such an altruistic way ?
That question is of interest because Jesus said : “ There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving . ”
It is also of scientific interest because researchers have found that giving is good for you .
Let us see in what ways this is so .
Experience shows that giving and happiness often go hand in hand .
The apostle Paul wrote that “ God loves a cheerful giver . ”
He was speaking of Christians who made generous donations to help relieve the hardship of fellow believers .
Paul was not saying that they gave because they were happy .
The reverse was true ​ — they were happy because they were able to give .
Indeed , according to one study , giving “ activates regions of the brain associated with pleasure , social connection , and trust , creating a ‘ warm glow ’ effect . ”
Another study found that “ giving money to someone else lifted participants ’ happiness more than spending it on themselves . ”
Have you ever felt that because of your circumstances there is not much you can do ?
The truth is that everyone can experience the joy of being “ a cheerful giver . ”
When given with the right motive , the sum does not have to be large .
One of Jehovah’s Witnesses sent this message to the publisher of this magazine with a contribution from her : “ All these years I have been unable to give but small amounts of money at the Kingdom Hall . ”
Yet , she continued : “ Jehovah God has given me back much more than I have given . . . .
Thank you for making it possible for me to make this gift ​ — it gives me comfort . ”
Giving , of course , is not limited to money .
There are many other ways to give .
Giving does you and others good
The Bible states : “ A kind man benefits himself , but the cruel person brings trouble on himself . ”
Kind people are generous , willing to give of themselves ​ — their time , energy , care , and so forth .
This approach to life benefits them in various ways , not the least of which is that such generosity is good for their health .
Studies indicate that those who volunteer to help others have been found to suffer from fewer aches and pains and less depression .
Overall , they enjoy better health .
Generous giving even improves the health of some who suffer from chronic health problems , such as multiple sclerosis or HIV .
It has also been shown that recovering alcoholics who help others become significantly less depressed and can improve their odds of avoiding a relapse .
As to why this is so , it is suggested that “ feelings of compassion , benevolence and kindness leave less room for negative emotions . ”
Giving may also lower stress and blood pressure .
And people who lost their spouse in death recovered from symptoms of depression sooner if they offered support to others .
There is no doubt about it .
Giving does you good .
Jesus urged his followers : “ Practice giving , and people will give to you . They will pour into your laps a fine measure , pressed down , shaken together , and overflowing .
For with the measure that you are measuring out , they will measure out to you in return . ”
When you give , people are more likely to respond to your generosity with gratitude and become generous themselves .
Giving thus fosters cooperation and friendship .
Giving fosters cooperation and friendship
Researchers who study human relations have noted that “ people who consistently display altruism encourage others to follow suit . ”
In fact , “ simply reading about extraordinary acts of kindness makes people more generous . ”
Hence , according to one study , “ each person in a network can influence dozens or even hundreds of people , some of whom he or she does not know and has not met . ”
In other words , a single act of generosity can start a ripple effect that goes from person to person throughout a community .
Would you not like to live in a place like that ?
Yes , great benefits would come if more people practiced giving .
One experience that illustrates this positive effect comes from Florida , U.S.A .
A group of Jehovah’s Witnesses volunteered to do relief work after a destructive hurricane .
As they were waiting for repair supplies at the house they were to work on , they noticed that a fence belonging to one of the neighbors was damaged , and they offered to fix it .
“ I am forever grateful , ” wrote the neighbor some time later in a letter to the world headquarters of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
“ I found these people to be among the nicest I have ever met . ”
Gratitude moved him to send a generous contribution to be used in what he called the Witnesses ’ extraordinary work .
A remarkable finding from scientific research is that “ there appears to be a fundamental human drive toward helping others . ”
Children , says the study , “ behave altruistically even before they’ve learned to talk . ”
Why ?
The Bible provides the answer when it says that humans were created “ in God’s image , ” that is , they possess the same basic godly qualities . ​ — Genesis 1 : 27 .
Among the marvelous qualities of our Creator , Jehovah God , is generosity .
He has given us life and everything we need to make us happy .
We can become acquainted with our heavenly Father and his loving purposes for us by studying his Word , the Bible .
That book also discloses that God has made provision for our future happiness .
* Since Jehovah God is the source of generosity and you are made in his image , it should be no surprise that giving ​ — in imitation of God — ​ is good for you and wins you his favor . ​ — Hebrews 13 : 16 .
Do you remember Alexandra , mentioned at the beginning of this article ?
How did her story turn out ?
Although a fellow traveler on the bus with her said she had thrown her money away , the man she helped contacted friends in a city where the bus subsequently stopped , and the $ 20 debt was promptly settled .
Moreover , the man acted on Alexandra’s suggestion and began studying the Bible .
She was delighted to meet him again three months later at a Chinese - language convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Peru .
To express his thanks for all that Alexandra had done for him , the man invited her and those who had traveled to the convention with her to his restaurant .
Giving and helping others bring great joy .
And even more so if in the process you help people to become better acquainted with the Source of all good gifts ​ — Jehovah God !
Are you enjoying the benefits of such giving ?
For more details , see the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses and available online at www.jw.org .
Look under PUBLICATIONS > BOOKS & BROCHURES .
An earthly paradise awaits survivors of the last days
What would you say ?
Yes
No
Maybe
What the Bible says
“ In the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here . ”
Bible prophecy , combined with current events , identifies our time as “ the last days . ”
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
The last days would be marked by wars , famines , earthquakes , and epidemics of deadly disease . ​ — Matthew 24 : 3 , 7 ; Luke 21 : 11 .
During the last days , human society would suffer a serious moral and spiritual breakdown . ​ — 2 Timothy 3 : 2 - 5 .
Some people believe . . . that the last days will end with the destruction of the earth and everyone on it , while others hope that conditions will improve .
What do you think ?
What the Bible says
“ The righteous will possess the earth , and they will live forever on it . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 29 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
The last days will end with the removal of all wickedness . ​ — 1 John 2 : 17 .
The earth will be transformed into a paradise . ​ — Isaiah 35 : 1 , 6 .
For more information about “ the last days , ” see chapter 9 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
Table of Contents
3 The Four Horsemen and You
4 The Four Horsemen ​ — Who Are They ?
9 ANOTHER BIT OF EVIDENCE
10 THE BIBLE CHANGES LIVES
I Loved Baseball More Than Anything !
12 IMITATE THEIR FAITH | SARAH
“ What a Beautiful Woman You Are ”
16 WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ?
The ride of the four horsemen of the Apocalypse is one of the best - known scenes from the book of Revelation .
Some are scared by it .
Others are intrigued .
Note what the Bible says about such prophecies :
“ Happy is the one who reads aloud and those who hear the words of this prophecy . ” ​ — Revelation 1 : 3 .
This issue of The Watchtower explains how the ride of the four horsemen can mean good news for us .
COVER SUBJECT | THE FOUR HORSEMEN ​ — HOW THEIR RIDE AFFECTS YOU
They burst forth , hooves thundering !
The four mighty horses and their riders make a picture so vivid that it almost seems to leap from the pages of the Bible !
The first horse is white ​ — its rider a glorious , newly crowned king .
Behind him comes a horse the color of fire , bearing a rider who takes peace away from all the earth .
There follows a third horse , black as midnight , carrying a rider who holds aloft a pair of scales as a doleful message is proclaimed about a lack of basic foodstuffs .
The fourth horse is a sickly pale color , a harbinger of disease and other lethal threats , ridden by Death itself .
And the Grave , the common grave of mankind , follows closely , reaping a terrible harvest of lives ! ​ — Revelation 6 : 1 - 8 .
“ I was scared the first time I read about the four horsemen .
I felt that Judgment Day was coming and that since I was not ready , I would not survive . ” ​ — Crystal .
“ I was fascinated by the four distinctive riders on different - colored horses .
Once I understood what the vision meant , it all made sense . ” ​ — Ed .
Can you identify with the way Crystal felt about the four horsemen of the Apocalypse ?
Or do you feel the way Ed did ?
In either case , the epic ride of those horsemen forms one of the best - known scenes in Revelation , the last book of the Bible .
Did you know that you can benefit personally by understanding this vision ?
How ?
God promises that you can find real happiness by reading , learning from , and living by the things written in that prophetic book . ​ — Revelation 1 : 1 - 3 .
While some are frightened by the vision of the four horsemen , it is not designed to scare you .
In fact , millions have found that this vision strengthens their faith and even points them to the hope of a bright future .
It can mean the same for you !
Please read on .
COVER SUBJECT | THE FOUR HORSEMEN ​ — HOW THEIR RIDE AFFECTS YOU
The four horsemen may seem mysterious and terrifying , but that does not have to be the case .
Why not ?
Because the Bible and the events of modern history help us to identify clearly what each horseman pictures .
And although their ride has signaled calamity on earth , it can also mean good news for you and your family .
How so ?
First , let us determine the identity of each horseman .
The vision begins this way : “ I saw , and look ! a white horse , and the one seated on it had a bow ; and a crown was given him , and he went out conquering and to complete his conquest . ” ​ — Revelation 6 : 2 .
Who is the rider of the white horse ?
The key to his identity is found in the same Bible book , Revelation , which later identifies this heavenly rider as “ The Word of God . ”
That title , The Word , belongs to Jesus Christ , for he acts as God’s spokesman .
In addition , he is called “ King of kings and Lord of lords ” and is described as “ Faithful and True . ”
Clearly , he has authority to act as a warrior - king , and he does not wield his power in any corrupt or abusive way .
Yet , some questions arise .
Who gives Jesus the authority to conquer ?
The prophet Daniel saw a vision in which the Messiah , likened to “ a son of man , ” was given “ rulership , honor , and a kingdom ” by none other than “ the Ancient of Days , ” Jehovah God .
* Thus , it is Almighty God who grants Jesus the power and right to rule and execute judgment .
The white horse is an appropriate symbol for warfare justly carried out by God’s Son , for the Scriptures often use the color white to symbolize righteousness . ​ — Revelation 3 : 4 ; 7 : 9 , 13 , 14 .
When did the horsemen begin their ride ?
Note that the first rider , Jesus , begins his ride when he receives a crown .
When was Jesus crowned as King in heaven ?
It was not when he returned to heaven after his death .
The Bible shows that a period of waiting began back then .
Jesus gave his followers a means of recognizing the end of that waiting period and the beginning of his reign in heaven .
He said that at the beginning of his rule , world conditions would take a decisive turn for the worse .
There would be warfare , food shortages , and pestilences .
Soon after World War I broke out in 1914 , it became apparent that mankind had entered that era , a troubled time on earth that the Bible calls “ the last days . ” ​ — 2 Timothy 3 : 1 - 5 .
But why have we seen conditions that are worse , not better , since Jesus received his crown in 1914 ?
Because at that time , Jesus began ruling in heaven , not on earth .
War then broke out in heaven , and the newly installed King , Jesus , referred to as Michael , cast Satan and his demons to the earth .
Confined here , Satan has been full of rage ever since , knowing that his days are numbered .
Indeed , it will not be long before God will carry out his will against Satan here on the earth .
Now , let us see how the other three horsemen help to confirm that we are , in fact , living during the troubled “ last days . ”
Unlike the first horseman , who clearly pictures a specific individual , the three that follow represent global conditions that have swept across human society .
“ Another came out , a fiery - colored horse , and it was granted to the one seated on it to take peace away from the earth so that they should slaughter one another , and he was given a great sword . ” ​ — Revelation 6 : 4 .
This rider represents warfare .
Notice that he takes peace away from not just a few nations but the whole earth .
In 1914 , for the first time in history , a global war erupted .
It was followed by a second world war , which was even more destructive .
Some estimates place the total number of deaths due to wars and armed conflicts since 1914 at more than 100 million !
In addition , vast numbers of other individuals suffered debilitating injuries .
To what extent does warfare characterize the present time ?
For the first time in history , mankind appears to have the ability to extinguish all human life .
Even so - called peacekeeping organizations , such as the United Nations , have not been able to stop the rider of the red horse . “ I saw , and look !
a black horse , and the one seated on it had a pair of scales in his hand . I heard what sounded like a voice in the midst of the four living creatures say : ‘ A quart of wheat for a denarius and three quarts of barley for a denarius ; and do not harm the olive oil and the wine . ’ ” ​ — Revelation 6 : 5 , 6 .
This rider represents famine .
We find here a picture of food rationing so severe that a quart ( 1.08 L ) of wheat would cost one denarius , a whole day’s wage in the first century !
The same coin could purchase three quarts ( 3.24 L ) of barley , a grain viewed as inferior to wheat .
How far would that go to feed a large family ?
People are then warned to be frugal even with daily foodstuffs , aptly pictured by such basic staples of that time and culture as olive oil and wine .
Since 1914 , have we seen evidence that this rider of the black horse has been on the move ?
Yes !
About 70 million people died in famines during the 20th century .
One authority estimated that “ 805 million people ​ — about one in nine of the world’s population — ​ were chronically undernourished in 2012 - 14 . ”
Another report states : “ Hunger kills more people every year than AIDS , malaria and tuberculosis combined . ” In spite of many earnest efforts to feed the hungry , the rider of the black horse continues to ride .
“ I saw , and look ! a pale horse , and the one seated on it had the name Death .
And the Grave was closely following him . And authority was given them over the fourth part of the earth , to kill with a long sword and with food shortage and with deadly plague and by the wild beasts of the earth . ” ​ — Revelation 6 : 8 .
The fourth rider represents death due to plague and other causes .
Soon after 1914 , the Spanish flu killed tens of millions .
Possibly some 500 million people were infected , about 1 out of every 3 humans then alive !
But the Spanish flu was just the beginning .
Experts estimate that hundreds of millions died of smallpox during the 20th century .
To this day , the lives of millions are cut short by AIDS , tuberculosis , and malaria , despite intensive medical research .
The result is the same , death ​ — whether due to war , famine , or plague .
The Grave relentlessly gathers up the victims , offering no hope .
The present times of trouble will soon end .
Remember this : Jesus “ went out conquering ” in 1914 , confining Satan to the earth , but Jesus did not then complete his conquest .
Soon , during Armageddon , Jesus will remove Satan’s influence and will destroy the Devil’s human supporters .
Jesus will not only terminate the ride of the other three horsemen but even reverse the effects of their destructive ride .
How so ?
Consider what the Bible promises .
Instead of war , peace will reign .
Jehovah “ is bringing an end to wars throughout the earth . He breaks the bow and shatters the spear . ”
As for peace - loving people , “ they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 11 .
Instead of famine , there will be plenty of food .
“ There will be an abundance of grain on the earth ; on the top of the mountains it will overflow . ” ​ — Psalm 72 : 16 .
Jesus will soon reverse the effects of the other three horsemen
Instead of plague and death , there will be perfect health and eternal life for all .
God “ will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore . ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 4 .
When Jesus lived on earth , he provided a heartwarming preview of future conditions under his rulership .
He promoted peace , miraculously fed thousands , cured the sick , and even raised the dead to life again . ​ — Matthew 12 : 15 ; 14 : 19 - 21 ; 26 : 52 ; John 11 : 43 , 44 .
Jehovah’s Witnesses would be delighted to show you in your Bible how you can be ready when the ride of those horsemen ends .
Will you accept an invitation to learn more ?
Jehovah is the name of God as revealed in the Bible .
Revelation 6 : 1 , 2
The rider pictures Jesus Christ .
He began ruling in 1914 and will soon complete his conquest , ending all suffering .
Revelation 6 : 3 , 4
The rider represents warfare .
World wars and smaller conflicts have taken countless lives since 1914 .
Revelation 6 : 5 , 6
The rider denotes famine .
Food shortages have ended or ruined the lives of tens of millions .
Revelation 6 : 7 , 8
The rider brings premature death due to disease and other factors .
The Grave gathers up the victims .
This cuneiform tablet has the name Tattannu written on one of its edges
Is there archaeological evidence supporting the Bible record ?
In 2014 an article in the magazine Biblical Archaeology Review addressed the question : “ How many people in the Hebrew Bible have been confirmed archaeologically ? ”
The answer given : “ At least 50 ! ”
One man who did not make the list in that article was Tattenai .
Who was he ?
Let us review his brief role in the Bible record .
Jerusalem was once part of a vast Persian Empire .
The city lay in an area that the Persians called Across - the - River , that is , to the west of the Euphrates .
After conquering Babylonia , the Persians released Jewish captives and authorized them to rebuild Jehovah’s temple in Jerusalem .
Enemies of the Jews , however , opposed the project and used it as a pretext to accuse the Jews of rebelling against Persia .
During the reign of Darius I ( 522 - 486 B.C.E . ) , a Persian official named Tattenai led an inquiry into the matter .
The Bible calls him “ the governor of the region Beyond the River . ” ​ — Ezra 5 : 3 - 7 .
A number of cuneiform tablets bearing the name Tattenai have survived as part of what may have been a family archive .
The tablet that links one member of this family to the Bible character is a promissory note dated to the 20th year of Darius I , 502 B.C.E .
It identifies a witness to the transaction as a servant of “ Tattannu , governor of Across - the - River ” ​ — the same Tattenai who appears in the Bible book of Ezra .
What was this man’s role ?
In 535 B.C.E . , Cyrus the Great reorganized his dominions into provinces , one of which was called Babylon and Across - the - River .
The province was later split into two parts , one of which was simply called Across - the - River .
It included Coele - Syria , Phoenicia , Samaria , and Judah and was likely ruled from Damascus .
Tattenai governed this region from about 520 to 502 B.C.E .
After traveling to Jerusalem to investigate the accusation of rebellion , Tattenai reported to Darius that the Jews claimed to have received authorization from Cyrus to rebuild Jehovah’s temple .
Investigations in the royal archives substantiated that claim .
So Tattenai was ordered not to interfere , and he obeyed . ​ — Ezra 6 : 6 , 7 , 13 .
To be sure , “ Tattenai the governor of the region Beyond the River ” merits only a footnote in history .
Note , though , that the Scriptures mention him and apply to him exactly the right title .
That fact gives us yet another bit of evidence that archaeology repeatedly supports the Bible’s historical accuracy .
I enjoy spending time with the young people in the congregation
THE BIBLE CHANGES LIVES
As told by Samuel Hamilton
YEAR BORN : 1928
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN : COSTA RICA
HISTORY : CONSUMED BY PROFESSIONAL SPORTS AND GAMBLING
I grew up in and around Puerto Limón , a port city on the eastern coast of Costa Rica .
My parents had eight children , of whom I was the seventh .
My father died when I was eight years old .
Thereafter , my mother raised us children as a single parent .
Baseball was always part of my life .
I enjoyed the sport as a child .
In my late teens , I joined an amateur league team .
While I was playing in the amateur league in my 20 ’ s , a scout asked me to play for a professional team in Nicaragua .
However , because my mother had poor health at the time and I was looking after her , I did not want to live in Nicaragua .
So I turned down that offer .
Later , another scout invited me to play for Costa Rica’s national baseball team , made up of selected amateur league players .
This time , I accepted the offer .
I was on the national team from 1949 till 1952 , and I played a series of games in Cuba , Mexico , and Nicaragua .
I was a baseman and did well , even playing a stretch of 17 games without making a single error .
I loved to hear the crowds chant my name !
Regrettably , I also led an immoral lifestyle .
Although I had only one girlfriend , I was always involved with other women .
I drank heavily too .
One day I got so drunk that when I woke up in my bed the next day , I couldn’t remember how I had returned home !
I also gambled on domino games and played the lottery .
While I was living that way , my mother became one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
She tried to interest me in her faith , but she was unsuccessful at first because I was completely absorbed in my sport .
If I was on the field training during mealtimes , I wouldn’t even feel hungry !
My mind was focused only on the game .
I loved baseball more than anything !
However , at age 29 , I suffered a serious injury while trying to catch a ball during a game .
After recuperating , I quit playing professionally .
Nonetheless , I stayed involved with organized baseball by training players in an amateur league team near my home .
In 1957 , I accepted an invitation to attend a convention that Jehovah’s Witnesses were holding in a stadium where I had played baseball .
As I sat in the audience , I couldn’t help but notice the contrast between the respectful conduct I saw among the Witnesses and the rowdy behavior I had seen among the crowds at baseball games .
What I saw at that convention moved me to start studying the Bible with the Witnesses and attending their congregation meetings .
I was impressed by many of the Bible teachings that I learned .
For example , Jesus foretold that in the last days , his disciples would preach the good news of God’s Kingdom worldwide .
I also learned that true Christians do not carry out their ministry for financial gain .
Jesus said : “ You received free , give free . ” ​ — Matthew 10 : 8 .
As I studied the Bible , I compared what it says with what I saw among Jehovah’s Witnesses .
I admired their tireless efforts to spread the good news of God’s Kingdom worldwide .
I saw in them the giving spirit that Jesus commanded Christians to display .
So when I read Mark 10 : 21 and saw Jesus ’ invitation , “ Come be my follower , ” I wanted to become a Witness .
It took me some time , however , to follow through decisively .
For example , for many years I had played my “ lucky ” number each week in the national lottery .
However , I learned from the Bible that God condemns worshippers of the “ god of Good Luck , ” as well as greedy persons .
So I decided to stop gambling .
The first Sunday after I quit playing the lottery , my “ lucky ” number won !
People mocked me because I did not play that week , and they strongly pressured me to play again , but I didn’t .
I never went back to gambling .
I faced another test of my “ new personality ” on the very day that I was baptized at a convention of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
That evening , I returned to the hotel where I was staying and found my ex - girlfriend waiting outside the door to my room . “ Come on , Sammy , ” she urged me .
“ Let’s have a good time ! ”
But I immediately replied , “ No ! ”
I reminded her that I was now living by the moral standards of the Bible .
“ What ? ”
she blurted out . Then she trivialized the Bible’s view of sexual immorality and insisted that we resume our relationship .
However , I simply went into my room and locked the door behind me .
Today , I am happy to say that since I became a Witness in 1958 , I have faithfully held to the changes I made in my lifestyle .
I feel as if I could write a book about the benefits I have received from following the Bible’s guidance !
Some of those benefits are that I now have many genuine friends , a life full of purpose , and true happiness .
I still enjoy baseball , but I have adjusted my values .
In baseball I gained prestige and money , but these things did not last .
However , my relationship with God and the brotherhood that I am a part of will last forever .
The Bible says : “ The world is passing away and so is its desire , but the one who does the will of God remains forever . ”
Now I love Jehovah God and his people more than anything !
IMITATE THEIR FAITH | SARAH
SARAH stood in the middle of the room and looked around .
Picture a Middle Eastern woman with a striking pair of dark , expressive eyes .
Did a trace of sadness show there ?
If so , it would not be hard to understand why .
There was a lot of history in this house .
She and her beloved husband , Abraham , had spent countless happy hours here .
* Together , they had made it a home .
They lived in Ur , a prosperous city with plenty of artisans , craftsmen , and merchants .
So they surely had possessions .
But Sarah’s home was more to her than a mere place in which to keep her belongings .
Here she and her husband had shared years of joys and disappointments .
Here they had prayed countless times to their beloved God , Jehovah .
Sarah had ample reason to love this place .
Yet , Sarah was willing to move away from all that was familiar .
Though perhaps about 60 years old , she would travel to parts unknown and take up a life fraught with danger and hardship , with no prospect of coming back .
What led her to such a sweeping change in her life ?
And what can we today learn from her faith ?
Sarah likely grew up in Ur .
Today , all that is left of that city is a desolate ruin .
But in Sarah’s day , merchants ’ vessels plied the waters and canals of the Euphrates River , bringing precious goods from far and wide to this thriving city .
People thronged Ur’s narrow , winding streets , ships jostled one another along its wharves , and goods overflowed in its bazaars .
Imagine Sarah growing up in that bustling city , coming to know many of its people by name .
They surely remembered her too , for she was an extraordinarily beautiful woman .
She also had a large family there .
Sarah is known in the Bible for her great faith ​ — but it was not faith in the moon - god widely worshipped in Ur , where a tower to that god loomed over the city .
Rather , Sarah worshipped the true God , Jehovah .
The inspired record does not say how she gained that faith .
Her father , for a time at least , was an idolater .

At any rate , she married Abraham , a man ten years her senior .
* He later became known as “ the father of all those having faith . ”
Together they built a fine , strong marriage , one that was marked by respect , good communication , and a mutual willingness to work through difficult problems together .
Above all , though , their union was marked by their love for their God .
Sarah loved her husband dearly , and the two set up their home among their relatives in Ur .
Before long , though , they faced a disappointment .
The Bible tells us that Sarah “ was barren ; she had no child . ”
In that culture and time , Sarah’s condition was particularly trying .
But Sarah stayed true to her God and to her husband .
Their fatherless nephew Lot evidently became like a son to them .
Life went on ​ — until the day when everything changed .
Abraham came to Sarah brimming with excitement .
He could hardly believe what had just happened .
The God they worshipped had just spoken to him ​ — had even appeared to him , no doubt by means of an angel !
Imagine Sarah , her lovely eyes intent on her husband , breathlessly asking : “ What did he say to you ?
Please tell me ! ”
Perhaps Abraham first sat down to collect his thoughts ; then he told her what Jehovah had said : “ Go out from your land and from your relatives and come into the land that I will show you . ”
After the initial excitement abated , they contemplated the assignment Jehovah was putting before them .
They were to leave their stable , comfortable life and live as nomads !
How would Sarah respond ?
No doubt Abraham watched her keenly .
Would she willingly support him in such a great change in their life ?
The choice facing Sarah may sound foreign to us .
We might think , ‘ Well , God has never asked me or my spouse to do anything like that ! ’
Nonetheless , do we not all face a similar choice ?
We live in a materialistic world , one that may urge us to put first in life our own comforts , our possessions , or our sense of security .
But the Bible urges us to make another choice ​ — to seek spiritual things first , to put pleasing God ahead of pleasing ourselves .
As we contemplate what Sarah did , we might ask ourselves , ‘ What choice will I make in life ? ’
As Sarah packed her things , she faced the dilemma of what to keep and what to leave behind .
She could keep no item that was too big for a caravan of donkeys and camels to carry , nothing that would be impractical in a nomadic life .
No doubt many of their possessions would have to be sold or given away .
Gone , too , would be the conveniences of city living ​ — the ready access to markets or bazaars where she could shop for grain , meats , fruit , clothing , and other necessities and comforts .
Sarah’s faith moved her to leave the comforts of home behind
Perhaps it was harder still for Sarah to give up her home itself .
If it was like many of the houses that archaeologists have uncovered in Ur , Sarah faced the loss of some very real comforts .
Some of those houses had over a dozen rooms , as well as freshwater fountains and plumbing .
Even a humble house might offer a solid roof , walls , and a door that could be bolted shut .
Could a tent offer similar protection against thieves ? Or against lions , leopards , bears , and wolves ​ — all of which were common in the Bible lands in those times ?
And what of family ?
Whom would Sarah be leaving behind ?
God’s command to “ go out from your land and from your relatives ” may have been especially challenging for her .
A warm , affectionate woman , she may well have had brothers and sisters , nieces and nephews , and aunts and uncles to whom she was very attached and whom she might never see again .
Yet , Sarah bravely went forward , day by day , getting ready for departure .
Despite the challenges , Sarah was packed and ready to go on the appointed day .
Terah , as family patriarch , was to accompany Abraham and Sarah , though he was about two centuries old .
Sarah would no doubt have much to do with caring for this elderly parent .
Lot too would join them as they obeyed Jehovah and “ went out of the land of the Chaldeans . ” ​ — Acts 7 : 4 .
The caravan journeyed first to Haran , some 600 miles ( 960 km ) to the northwest , following the course of the Euphrates .
At Haran , the family settled for a time .
Terah may have been ailing at this point , unable to travel farther .
The family stayed until he died at 205 years of age .
At some point before the next phase of their journey , Jehovah spoke again to Abraham , telling him once more to leave this land and go to the land that Jehovah would show him .
In this instance , though , God added a thrilling promise : “ I will make you a great nation . ”
But when they left Haran , Abraham was 75 and Sarah 65 , and they were childless .
How could a nation come from Abraham ?
Would he take another wife ?
Polygamy was a common practice in those days , so Sarah may well have wondered about that .
At any rate , they left Haran and pressed onward .
Note , though , who was now with them .
The account tells us that Abraham’s family left with the wealth they had gained as well as “ the people whom they had acquired in Haran . ”
Who were those people ?
Servants , most likely .
However , Abraham and Sarah doubtless shared their faith with those who were willing to listen .
Some ancient Jewish paraphrases thus say that the people referred to in this verse were also proselytes , people who had joined Abraham and Sarah in worshipping Jehovah .
If so , Sarah’s deep faith no doubt made her very convincing when she spoke to others about her God and her hope .
That is useful for us to contemplate , for we live in an age when faith and hope are in desperately short supply .
When you learn something good from the Bible , could you share it with someone ?
After they crossed the Euphrates , likely on Nisan 14 , 1943 B.C.E . , they made their way south into the land Jehovah had promised them .
Picture Sarah turning to look this way and that , taken by the beauty , the variety , and the pleasant climate of the land .
Near the big trees of Moreh , near Shechem , Jehovah appeared to Abraham again , this time saying : “ To your offspring I am going to give this land . ”
Ah , this expression , “ offspring , ” would have rich meaning for Abraham !
It surely made him think back to the garden of Eden , where Jehovah had foretold that an offspring would one day destroy Satan .
Jehovah had already told Abraham that the nation that came from him would open the way for blessings to people of all the earth . ​ — Genesis 3 : 15 ; 12 : 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 .
Still , the family was not immune to the troubles of this world .
A famine struck the land of Canaan , and Abraham decided to lead his family south toward Egypt .
However , he sensed a particular danger in that region . So he spoke to Sarah : “ Please listen !
I know what a beautiful woman you are . So when the Egyptians see you , they will surely say , ‘ This is his wife . ’ Then they will kill me but keep you alive .
Please say you are my sister , so that it may go well with me because of you , and my life will be spared . ”
Why did Abraham make such an unusual request ?
Abraham was neither a liar nor a coward , as some critics have charged .
Sarah was , in truth , his half sister .
And Abraham’s caution was well - founded .
Abraham and Sarah knew that nothing was more important than God’s purpose to produce a special offspring and nation through Abraham , so Abraham’s safety became of paramount importance .
What is more , archaeological evidence has shown that it was not unheard of for men of power in Egypt to abduct a man’s wife and kill the husband .
So Abraham acted wisely , and Sarah humbly cooperated with his decision .
Before long , events proved that Abraham’s fears were well - founded ; some of Pharaoh’s princes noticed Sarah’s stunning beauty ​ — a remarkable trait at her age .
They reported on her to Pharaoh , and he ordered that the woman be taken !
It is hard to imagine the anguish of Abraham or the fears that must have afflicted Sarah .
However , it seems that she was treated , not as a hostage , but as an honored guest .
Perhaps Pharaoh planned to woo her and impress her with his wealth and then negotiate with her “ brother ” to obtain her as a wife . ​ — Genesis 12 : 14 - 16 .
Think of Sarah , looking out over the Egyptian landscape from a palace window or balcony .
How did she feel , living within walls again , with a roof over her head , with fine foods put before her ?
Was she tempted by a life of luxury ​ — perhaps a life even more opulent than anything she had known back in Ur ?
Imagine how pleased Satan would have been if she had sought to abandon Abraham and become the wife of this Pharaoh !
But Sarah did nothing of the kind .
She was loyal to her husband , to her marriage , and to her God .
If only every married person in today’s immoral world would show such loyalty !
Can you imitate Sarah’s loyalty in your dealings with your own loved ones and friends ?
Despite the temptations of Pharaoh’s palace , Sarah was loyal to her marriage mate
Jehovah intervened to protect this beloved woman , sending plagues against Pharaoh and his household .
When Pharaoh somehow learned that Sarah was Abraham’s wife , he sent her back to her husband and asked the whole family group to leave Egypt .
How delighted Abraham was to get his dear wife back !
Remember that he had lovingly said to her : “ I know what a beautiful woman you are . ”
But he appreciated another kind of beauty in Sarah far more ​ — a beauty that ran deeper than her mere appearance .
Sarah had true inner beauty , the kind that Jehovah values .
That is a kind of beauty that all of us can cultivate .
If we put spiritual things ahead of material things , try to share our knowledge of God with others , and loyally uphold God’s moral standards in the face of temptations , we will imitate the faith of Sarah .
Initially , their names were Abram and Sarai , but they are better known by the names Jehovah later bestowed on them . ​ — Genesis 17 : 5 , 15 .
Sarah was the half sister of Abraham .
Terah was father to both of them , but they had different mothers .
While such a marriage is improper today , it is important to keep in mind how different things were back then .
Humans were closer to the perfection that Adam and Eve had enjoyed but lost .
For such robust people , marriage between close relatives evidently did not present genetic dangers to offspring .
Some 400 years later , though , life spans were similar to ours .
At that time , the Mosaic Law outlawed all sexual unions between close relatives . ​ — Leviticus 18 : 6 .
What would you say ?
Yes
No
Maybe
What the Bible says
“ I know that Jehovah will defend the lowly and give justice to the poor . ”
God’s Kingdom will bring true justice to the earth .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
God sees the world’s current injustice , and he will correct it . ​ — Ecclesiastes 5 : 8 .
Justice from God will bring peace and security to the earth . ​ — Isaiah 32 : 16 - 18 .
Some people believe that God has blessed or cursed specific groups of people , while others believe that God treats all people the same .
What do you think ?
What the Bible says
“ God is not partial , but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him . ”
In God’s view , all people are equal .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
The Bible has “ good news ” for “ every nation and tribe and tongue and people . ” ​ — Revelation 14 : 6 .
To learn about the time when true justice will fill the earth , see chapter 3 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
The Book of Revelation ​ — What Does It Mean ?
( Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE QUESTIONS ANSWERED )
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
Table of Contents
3 A Puzzling Question
4 What the Bible Says About Life and Death
8 WHEN A LOVED ONE IS TERMINALLY ILL
11 ELIAS HUTTER AND HIS REMARKABLE HEBREW BIBLES
13 A POWERFUL REASSURANCE FROM HEBREW’S SMALLEST LETTER
14 PARADISE ON EARTH ​ — FANTASY OR REALITY ?
16 WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ?
Is death part of God’s will for us ?
The Bible says : “ [ God ] will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more . ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 4 .
This issue of The Watchtower examines what the Bible says about life and death .
Followers of nearly all major religions believe that the human soul is immortal
COVER SUBJECT | WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ABOUT LIFE AND DEATH ?
VIEWS about life and death are many and varied .
Some feel that after death they will live on , perhaps in another form or in another place .
Others feel that they will be reborn to live another existence .
Still others think that death simply ends it all .
You may have your own belief on the subject , depending on your upbringing or cultural background .
Since opinions as to what happens at death differ so widely , is there someone or somewhere we can turn to for reliable and truthful answers to this puzzling question ?
For centuries , religious leaders have taught the doctrine of the immortality of the human soul .
Followers of nearly all major religions ​ — Christians , Hindus , Jews , Muslims , and others — ​ believe in the existence of an immortal soul , which is said to survive the death of the body and live on in the spirit realm .
Buddhists , on the other hand , believe that by way of countless rebirths , the force , or mental energy , within a person can reach a blissful state called Nirvana .
On account of such teachings , the majority of people around the world have come to believe that death opens the door to life in another world .
To many , death is therefore an important step in the cycle of life , and dying appears to them to be part of God’s will .
But what does the Bible say about the matter ?
Please read the following article .
The answer may surprise you .
COVER SUBJECT | WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ABOUT LIFE AND DEATH ?
Reading the creation account in the Bible book of Genesis , we learn that the first man , Adam , was told by God : “ From every tree of the garden you may eat to satisfaction . But as for the tree of the knowledge of good and bad , you must not eat from it , for in the day you eat from it you will certainly die . ”
That statement clearly and simply shows that if Adam had obeyed God’s command , he would not have died but would have continued living in the garden of Eden .
Sadly , rather than choosing to obey and live forever , Adam chose to ignore God’s command , and he ate the forbidden fruit when his wife , Eve , gave it to him .
The consequences of that act of disobedience are still with us today .
The apostle Paul explained it this way : “ Through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin , and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned . ”
That “ one man ” was , of course , Adam .
But what was the sin , and why did it lead to death ?
What Adam did ​ — willfully disobeying or breaking God’s law — ​ is sin .
And the penalty for sin is death , as God told Adam .
As long as Adam ​ — and his future offspring — ​ remained obedient to God’s command , they would have no sin and would never have to taste death .
God did not create humans to die but to live ​ — even forever .
There is no disputing that death has “ spread to all men , ” as the Bible stated .
But does some part of us live on after we die ?
Many would say yes , that a part of us ​ — something called the soul — ​ is immortal .
This , however , would amount to saying that God lied to Adam .
How so ?
Because if a part of us moves on to live in some other realm after we die , then death would not be the penalty for sin , as God stated .
The Bible says : “ It is impossible for God to lie . ”
In reality , it was Satan who lied when he told Eve : “ You certainly will not die . ” ​ — Genesis 3 : 4 .
That raises the question , If the teaching of the immortality of the soul is based on a lie , then what really happens at death ?
The Genesis account of creation says : “ Jehovah God went on to form the man out of dust from the ground and to blow into his nostrils the breath of life , and the man became a living person . ”
The expression “ a living person ” is translated from the Hebrew word ne’phesh , * which literally means “ a breathing creature . ” ​ — Genesis 2 : 7 , footnote .
The Bible thus makes clear that humans are not created as individuals with a soul that is immortal .
Rather , each individual is “ a living person . ”
That is why , search as you may , you will not find any Bible text that uses the expression “ immortal soul . ”
Since the Bible does not say that humans possess what some call an immortal soul , why do so many religions teach the contrary ?
The answer takes us all the way back to ancient Egypt .
Herodotus , a Greek historian of the fifth century B.C.E . , said that the Egyptians were “ the first of mankind who have defended the immortality of the soul . ”
Another ancient culture , the Babylonians , also toyed with the idea of the immortal soul .
By the time Alexander the Great conquered the Middle East in 332 B.C.E . , Greek philosophers had popularized the teaching , and it soon spread throughout the Greek Empire .
You will not find any Bible text that uses the expression “ immortal soul ”
In the first century C.E . , two prominent Jewish sects , the Essenes and the Pharisees , taught that the soul survives the body at death .
The Jewish Encyclopedia says : “ The belief in the immortality of the soul came to the Jews from contact with Greek thought and chiefly through the philosophy of Plato . ”
Likewise , first - century Jewish historian Josephus attributed the teaching , not to the Holy Scriptures , but to “ the belief of the sons of Greece , ” which he viewed as a collection of tales by their mythologists .
As the influence of Greek culture continued to expand , professed Christians adopted this pagan teaching as well .
According to historian Jona Lendering , “ Plato’s hypothesis that our soul was once in a better place and now lives in a fallen world made it easy to combine platonic philosophy and Christianity . ”
Thus , the pagan doctrine of the immortal soul was absorbed into the “ Christian ” church and became a fundamental part of its beliefs .
In the first century , the apostle Paul sounded this warning : “ The inspired word clearly says that in later times some will fall away from the faith , paying attention to misleading inspired statements and teachings of demons . ”
How true those words proved to be !
The doctrine of the immortal soul is but one example of “ teachings of demons . ”
It is not supported by the Bible , and it has its roots in ancient pagan religions and philosophies .
Happily for us , Jesus said : “ You will know the truth , and the truth will set you free . ”
By gaining an accurate knowledge of Bible truth , we are set free from the God - dishonoring teachings and practices promoted by so many of the world’s religions .
Moreover , the truth in God’s Word sets us free from the shackles of the traditions and superstitions associated with death . ​ — See the box “ Where Are the Dead ? ”
Our Creator did not intend for humans to live just 70 or 80 years on earth and then move on to spend an eternity in another realm .
His original purpose was for his human creation to live forever right here on earth as his obedient children .
This grand purpose is an expression of God’s love for humankind , and it will not be thwarted .
Reassuringly , the inspired psalmist declared : “ The righteous will possess the earth , and they will live forever on it . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 29 .
For more information on what the Bible says about life and death , see chapter 6 of the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ? published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
This is also available at www.jw.org .
Some Bible translations , such as the King James Version and the Catholic Douay Version , render ne’phesh by the words “ living soul , ” whereas many modern translations render it “ living creature , ” The New English Bible ; “ living being , ” New International Version and The Jerusalem Bible ; or simply “ began to live , ” Today’s English Version .
A few years ago , researchers reported the discovery of some underwater plants that they believe have been alive for thousands of years ​ — perhaps the longest of any living thing on earth .
The plants are of the species Posidonia oceanica , a type of seagrass that covers huge swaths of the Mediterranean seabed between Spain and Cyprus .
If plants can live to that amazing age , what about humans ?
Some scientists who study aging are optimistic about the prospect of an extended life span .
For example , a book on the subject is said to delve into “ the multitude of cutting - edge scientific developments ” in that field .
Whether scientific developments will have any real impact on the human life span remains to be seen .
True prospects for living forever , though , do not hinge on modern science .
The Bible points to our Creator , Jehovah God , and says : “ With you is the source of life . ”
To him , Jesus Christ said in prayer : “ This means everlasting life , their coming to know you , the only true God , and the one whom you sent , Jesus Christ . ”
Indeed , our efforts to know and please Jehovah God and his Son , Jesus Christ , will be rewarded with everlasting blessings .
Researchers believe that some plants of this species of seagrass have lived for thousands of years
Simply put , the Bible says that the dead are in the grave , awaiting the resurrection .
They are not suffering or in any kind of pain , for “ the dead know nothing at all . ”
In his teachings , Jesus likened death to a deep sleep .
Thus , we have no need to fear those who have fallen asleep in death or to appease them by making offerings to them .
They can neither help nor harm us , because “ there is no work nor planning nor knowledge nor wisdom in the Grave . ”
By means of the resurrection , however , God will do away with death forever . ​ — 1 Corinthians 15 : 26 , 55 ; Revelation 21 : 4 .
We can have full confidence that what the Bible says is worthy of our trust .
Why ? Consider the following :
Unique Authorship : The Bible is composed of 66 books written by some 40 writers over a period of 16 centuries , from 1513 B.C.E . to about 98 C.E .
Still , its content is harmonious and coherent throughout .
This proves that its real Author is the almighty God .
He revealed the information to the men who penned it .
Historical Accuracy : Events recorded in the Bible are in full harmony with proven historical facts .
The book A Lawyer Examines the Bible remarks : “ While romances , legends and false testimony are careful to place the events related in some distant place and some indefinite time , . . . the Bible narratives give us the date and place of the things related with the utmost precision . ”
Scientific Accuracy : The Bible is not a science textbook , but when it touches on scientific matters , it reflects an accuracy far ahead of its time .
For example , in chapters 13 and 14 of the book of Leviticus , detailed laws on hygiene and quarantine were given to the Israelites , long before people knew anything about germs and contagion .
The Bible also speaks of the earth as being round and suspended in space , facts that were not fully understood by science until centuries later . ​ — Job 26 : 7 ; Isaiah 40 : 22 .
These are just a few examples to substantiate the Bible’s claim of authenticity when it says : “ All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial for teaching , for reproving , for setting things straight . ” ​ — 2 Timothy 3 : 16 .
Early and open communication is vital
DOREEN was shocked when her husband , Wesley , only 54 years of age , was diagnosed with an acutely aggressive brain tumor .
* Doctors gave him only a few months to live .
“ I couldn’t believe what I was hearing , ” she recalls .
“ I was totally numb for weeks .
It felt as if it were happening to someone else , not to us .
I was not prepared . ”
Sadly , Doreen’s reaction is not uncommon .
A terminal disease can afflict anyone at any time .
Commendably , many willingly take on the task of caring for a loved one who is diagnosed with a terminal illness .
Yet , caregiving is a formidable challenge .
What can family members do to comfort and care for their terminally ill loved one ?
How can caregivers cope with the range of emotions they may experience throughout the course of the illness ?
As death approaches , what can be expected ?
First , though , let us consider why caring for the terminally ill is a unique challenge today .
Medical science has changed the nature of dying .
A century or so ago , even in more developed lands , the average life span was much shorter .
People died quickly from infectious diseases or accidents .
Access to hospitals was limited , and most people were cared for by their families and died at home .
Today , medical advances have enabled physicians to fight illness aggressively in order to prolong life .
Diseases that would have ended a person’s life quickly in times past may now stretch out over many years .
However , this extended life may not represent a cure .
Patients often have severe infirmities that render them incapable of caring for themselves .
Caring for such individuals has become much more complicated and demanding .
Consequently , more and more , death has moved from the home to the hospital .
Most people today are unfamiliar with the dying process , and few have ever actually witnessed someone dying .
Fear of the unknown , then , may hinder or even paralyze a person’s efforts to care for an ill family member .
What can help ?
As illustrated in the case of Doreen , many people feel devastated when a loved one is diagnosed with a fatal illness .
Amid intense anxiety , fear , and grief , what can help you to prepare for the road ahead ?
A faithful servant of God prayed : “ Teach us how to count our days so that we may acquire a heart of wisdom . ”
Yes , pray earnestly for Jehovah God to show you how to ‘ count your days ’ wisely so that you can use the remaining days with your loved one in the best possible way .
This takes good planning .
If your loved one is still able to communicate and is willing to address the matter , it may be wise to ask him who should make decisions for him when he is no longer able to do so .
Frank discussion about whether he wishes to be resuscitated , hospitalized , or submitted to certain treatments can minimize misunderstandings and feelings of guilt on the part of family members who are forced to make decisions for an incapacitated patient .
Early and open communication allows the family to focus on providing care during the illness .
“ Plans fail when there is no consultation , ” says the Bible . ​ — Proverbs 15 : 22 .
Usually , the caretaker’s primary role is to provide comfort .
A dying person needs to be reassured that he is loved and not alone .
How can this be done ?
Read or sing to the patient , choosing literature and songs that are upbuilding and enjoyable to him .
Many people are comforted when a family member holds their hand and speaks softly to them .
It is often helpful to identify any visitors .
One report states : “ Hearing is said to be the last of the five senses to be lost .
Hearing may still remain very acute although the [ patients ] may seem asleep so do not say anything in their presence you would not say to them when awake . ”
If possible , pray together .
The Bible relates that on one occasion , the apostle Paul and his companions were under extreme pressure and were very uncertain even of their lives .
What assistance did they seek ?
Paul entreated his friends : “ You also can help us by your supplication for us . ”
A heartfelt prayer during extreme stress and serious illness is invaluable .
The very notion of a loved one dying is often distressing .
No wonder , for death is unnatural .
We were not designed to accept death as a normal part of life .
God’s Word thus calls death an “ enemy . ”
So a reluctance to think about the death of a loved one is understandable , even normal .
Nevertheless , anticipating what may occur can help family members to ease their fears and focus on making things as comfortable as possible .
Some of the events that may take place are listed in the box “ The Final Weeks of Life . ”
Of course , not all these conditions occur in every patient , nor do they necessarily occur in the same order .
Still , most patients experience at least some of these changes .
After the death of a loved one , it may be wise to contact a close friend who has previously agreed to help .
Caregivers and family may need to be assured that their dear one’s trial is over and that he is no longer suffering .
The Creator of humankind lovingly assures us that “ the dead know nothing at all . ” ​ — Ecclesiastes 9 : 5 .
We can learn not to turn anyone’s help away
Relying upon God is essential ​ — not only during the terminal illness of a family member but also during the grief that comes following death .
He may assist you through the helpful words and deeds of others .
“ I learned not to turn anyone’s help away , ” says Doreen .
“ In fact , the volume of help we received overwhelmed us .
My husband and I unequivocally knew this was Jehovah saying , ‘ I’m right here with you to help you through this . ’
I will never forget it . ”
Yes , Jehovah God is the ultimate Caregiver .
As our Maker , he understands our pain and sorrow .
He is able and eager to provide the necessary help and encouragement so that we can cope .
Better yet , he has promised that he will soon eradicate death once and for all and resurrect the billions of humans who are in his memory .
Then , all can echo the words of the apostle Paul : “ Death , where is your victory ?
Death , where is your sting ? ” ​ — 1 Corinthians 15 : 55 .
Names have been changed .
It is common for a patient to exhibit some or all of the following symptoms during the final weeks of life * :
Little interest in eating and drinking .
Swabbing glycerin on the mouth and lips and placing a moist washcloth on the forehead may keep the patient comfortable .
Desire to be alone or with very few people .
Keep the environment quiet and calm .
Increased amount of time sleeping .
Restlessness .
Rather than restraining restless motions , speak calmly and reassuringly with the person .
Disorientation .
Identify yourself by name , and listen with respect even if the person seems confused .
Incontinence .
Keep the patient and his bed clean to the extent possible .
Breathing changes .
A moaning sound while exhaling may merely be air passing over relaxed vocal chords .
Congestion .
Raising the head with pillows may help to prevent the patient from gagging .
Skin color changes .
These are often due to the body’s directing blood to the core to support vital organs .
Source : The Metropolitan Hospice of Greater New York
CAN you read Biblical Hebrew ?
Probably not .
Perhaps you have never even seen a Hebrew Bible .
However , you may well deepen your appreciation for your personal copy of the Holy Scriptures by learning something about the 16th - century scholar Elias Hutter and the two Hebrew Bible editions that he published .
Elias Hutter was born in 1553 in Görlitz , a small town close to Germany’s present - day border with Poland and the Czech Republic .
Hutter studied Oriental languages at the Lutheran University in Jena .
When he was barely 24 years old , he was appointed professor of Hebrew in Leipzig .
As an educational reformer , he later founded a school in Nuremberg where students could learn Hebrew , Greek , Latin , and German within four years .
That was then impossible at any other school or university .
Title page of Hutter’s Hebrew Bible of 1587
In 1587 , Hutter produced a Hebrew edition of what is commonly called the Old Testament .
This edition was entitled Derekh ha - Kodesh , taken from Isaiah 35 : 8 and meaning “ The Way of Holiness . ”
The beautiful typeface elicited the comment that “ every thing bespeaks the splendor of this edition . ”
But what made this Bible especially valuable was the way students could use it as an effective tool for learning Hebrew .
To understand why Hutter’s Hebrew Bible was so helpful , consider two challenges that a learner faced when trying to read the Bible in Hebrew .
First , it is in a different and unfamiliar alphabet , and second , the attached prefixes and suffixes make the root words hard to recognize .
For example , consider the Hebrew word נפשׁ ( transliterated ne’phesh ) , meaning “ soul . ”
At Ezekiel 18 : 4 , it is preceded by the prefix ה ( ha ) , meaning “ the , ” thus forming the compound word הנפשׁ ( han·ne’phesh ) , or “ the soul . ”
To the untrained eye , הנפשׁ ( han·ne’phesh ) could appear to be a totally different word from נפשׁ ( ne’phesh ) .
To help his students , Hutter used an ingenious printing technique ​ — a typeface with Hebrew letters in both solid and outline form .
He printed the root of each word in solid letters . For the prefixes and suffixes , he used outline ( hollow ) letters .
This simple device made it easier for students to identify the root of a Hebrew word , helping them in the process of learning the language .
The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures ​ — With References uses a similar practical approach in its footnotes .
* The transliterated root is in bold type , and the prefixes and suffixes are in regular type .
The highlighted portions of the illustrations show the typeface used in Hutter’s Hebrew Bible at Ezekiel 18 : 4 and that used by the Reference Bible in its footnote to the same verse .
Hutter also printed what is commonly called the New Testament , with the text in 12 languages .
This edition was published in Nuremberg in 1599 and is often referred to as the Nuremberg Polyglot .
Hutter wanted to include a Hebrew - language translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures .
But he said that even if he “ had been willing to pay a fortune ” for such a Hebrew translation , the search would have been in vain .
* So he decided to translate the New Testament from Greek into Hebrew himself .
Laying all other undertakings aside , Hutter finished the whole translation project in just one year !
How good was Hutter’s Hebrew translation of the Christian Greek Scriptures ?
Noted 19th - century Hebrew scholar Franz Delitzsch wrote : “ His Hebrew translation reveals a grasp of the language rare among Christians and it is still worth consulting , for in instance after instance he has been most fortunate in striking on precisely the right expression . ”
Hutter did not become rich from his translation work ; evidently his editions did not sell well .
Nevertheless , his work has had an important and lasting influence .
For example , his Hebrew New Testament was revised and reprinted in 1661 by William Robertson and again in 1798 by Richard Caddick .
In translating from the original Greek , Hutter appropriately rendered the titles Kyʹri·os ( Lord ) and The·osʹ ( God ) as “ Jehovah ” ( יהוה , JHVH ) where the text is a quotation from the Hebrew Scriptures or where he felt it referred to Jehovah .
This is of interest because although many translations of the New Testament do not use God’s personal name , Hutter’s translation does and thus adds evidence in favor of restoring God’s name in the Christian Greek Scriptures .
The next time you see God’s name , Jehovah , in the Christian Greek Scriptures or look at a footnote in the Reference Bible , remember the work of Elias Hutter and his remarkable Hebrew Bibles .
See the second footnote to Ezekiel 18 : 4 and Appendix 3B in the Reference Bible .
Evidently , scholars had previously produced Hebrew translations of the New Testament .
One such was Simon Atoumanos , a Byzantine monk , in about 1360 .
Another was Oswald Schreckenfuchs , a German scholar , in about 1565 .
These translations were never published and are now lost .
The Tetragrammaton , the sacred name of God , Jehovah , in Hebrew letters , read from right to left
Can we really be confident that all of God’s promises will come true ?
Jesus was convinced of it , and his teaching built faith in his listeners .
Consider the illustration he gave in his Sermon on the Mount , as recorded at Matthew 5 : 18 : “ Truly I say to you that sooner would heaven and earth pass away than for one smallest letter or one stroke of a letter to pass away from the Law until all things take place . ”
The smallest letter of the Hebrew alphabet is י ( yod ) , which is the first letter of the Tetragrammaton , the sacred name of God , Jehovah .
* In addition to the actual words and letters of God’s Law , the scribes and Pharisees viewed each “ stroke of a letter ” as highly significant .
Jesus was saying that it was more likely that heaven and earth would pass away than that the smallest detail of the Law would go unfulfilled .
Yet the Scriptures assure us that the literal heavens and earth will remain forever .
So this striking statement indicated that not even the smallest detail of the Law would go unfulfilled .
Does Jehovah God care about small details ?
Yes , indeed .
Consider this : The ancient Israelites were told that they must not break any bone of the Passover lamb .
A small detail , perhaps .
Did they understand why they should not break any of the bones ?
Probably not .
Jehovah God knew , though , that this detail was prophetic of the fact that the Messiah would not have any of his bones broken when put to death on the torture stake . ​ — Psalm 34 : 20 ; John 19 : 31 - 33 , 36 .
What do Jesus ’ words teach us ?
We too can be totally confident that all of Jehovah God’s promises will come true , down to every last detail .
What a powerful reassurance from Hebrew’s smallest letter !
The smallest letter of the Greek alphabet is iota and is evidently similar to the Hebrew י ( yod ) .
As the Law of Moses was originally written and passed down in Hebrew , Jesus was likely referring to the Hebrew letter .
Praslin , Seychelles , where in 1881 General Gordon found his garden of Eden
Paradise !
Colorful travel brochures make tempting offers for us to fly away to some distant “ paradise ” to relax and forget all our worries and troubles .
But as we know all too well , when we return home , the realities of life remain much the same as they were when we left them .
Nonetheless , the fascination with paradise is powerful .
We cannot help but wonder : ‘ Is “ paradise ” nothing more than a pleasant fantasy ?
If so , why the fascination ?
And can it ever be a reality ? ’
Over the centuries , people have been intrigued by the idea of paradise .
For many , their interest was prompted by the mention in the Bible of “ a garden in Eden , toward the east . ”
What made that garden so attractive ?
The account tells us : “ Jehovah God made to grow out of the ground every tree that was pleasing to look at and good for food . ”
That garden was a pleasing and good place .
Most captivating of all , there was “ also the tree of life in the middle of the garden . ” ​ — Genesis 2 : 8 , 9 .
In addition , the Genesis account mentions four rivers flowing out of the garden .
Two of those rivers are still known to us today ​ — the Tigris ( or , Hiddekel ) and the Euphrates .
These two rivers flow into the Persian Gulf through what is now Iraq , formerly part of ancient Persia .
Understandably , earthly paradise is very much a part of Persia’s cultural heritage .
A 16th - century Persian carpet , in the Philadelphia Museum of Art , in Pennsylvania , U.S.A . , shows a walled garden with trees and flowers woven into its design .
The Persian word for “ walled garden ” also means “ paradise , ” and the scene on the carpet mirrors the Bible’s description of the beautiful and luxuriant garden of Eden .
In fact , stories of paradise are retold in many languages and cultures around the world .
As the human family migrated to different parts of the earth , they carried with them versions of the original account , which , over centuries of time , became blended with beliefs and legends that developed locally .
Even today , people almost instinctively describe places of great natural beauty as paradise .
Some explorers claimed to have located the lost paradise .
For example , Charles Gordon , a British army general , on visiting the Seychelles in 1881 , was so impressed by the luxuriant beauty of the Vallée de Mai ​ — now a World Heritage site — ​ that he declared it to be the garden of Eden .
In the 15th century , Italian navigator Christopher Columbus wondered if he was close to rediscovering the Edenic garden when he landed on the island of Hispaniola , now the Dominican Republic and Haiti .
Mapping Paradise , a modern history book , contains details of more than 190 ancient maps , many showing Adam and Eve in Eden .
Among them is an unusual map from a 13th - century copy of the Beatus of Liébana manuscript .
At its top is a small rectangle with paradise in the center .
From there flow four rivers , labeled “ Tigris , ” “ Eufrates , ” “ Pison , ” and “ Geon , ” each to one of its four corners , supposedly representing the spread of Christianity to the four corners of the earth .
Such depictions show that although the location of the original Paradise was unknown , memories of it evidently remained as attractive as ever .
John Milton , a 17th - century English poet , is known for his poem Paradise Lost , based on the Genesis account of Adam’s sin and expulsion from Eden .
In it he highlighted the promised restoration of everlasting life on earth for humans , declaring : “ For then the earth shall all be paradise . ”
Subsequently , Milton wrote a sequel entitled Paradise Regained .
Clearly , the concept of a lost earthly paradise is a golden thread running through human history .
So why is it now ignored ?
Basically because , as Mapping Paradise observes , “ theologians have . . . turned their back firmly on the issue of the location of paradise . ”
Most churchgoers are taught that their ultimate destiny is heaven , not life in an earthly paradise .
Yet the Bible says at Psalm 37 : 29 : “ The righteous will possess the earth , and they will live forever on it . ”
Since our world today is hardly a paradise , what hope is there that this promise will ever be fulfilled ?
*
Jehovah God , who created the original Paradise , has promised to restore what was lost .
How ?
Recall that Jesus taught us to pray : “ Let your Kingdom come . Let your will take place , as in heaven , also on earth . ”
That Kingdom is a world government in the hands of Jesus Christ that will replace all human rule .
Under the rule of that Kingdom , God’s will regarding a paradise earth will “ take place . ”
Earlier , the prophet Isaiah was inspired to describe conditions in the promised Paradise , where all the tension and conflict plaguing mankind today will be gone .
We urge you to take a few minutes and read those scriptures in your own Bible .
Doing so will reassure you of what God has in store for obedient mankind .

Those then living will enjoy a paradise as well as God’s favor , both of which Adam lost . ​ — Revelation 21 : 3 .
Why can we be sure that the hope of Paradise on earth is not fantasy but reality ?
Because the Bible tells us : “ As for the heavens , they belong to Jehovah , but the earth he has given to the sons of men . ”
The hope of Paradise on earth is one that “ God , who cannot lie , promised long ago . ”
What a wonderful prospect the Bible offers ​ — Paradise forever !
It is also interesting that the Koran , in verse 105 of sura 21 , Al - Anbiya ’ [ The Prophets ] , declares : “ The righteous among My servants shall inherit the earth . ”
Under God’s Kingdom , people “ will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 11
What would you say ?
Yes
No
Maybe
What the Bible says
“ Throw all your anxiety on [ God ] , because he cares for you . ”
The Bible gives the assurance that God can help you to gain relief from your anxieties .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
By prayer , you can gain “ the peace of God , ” which alleviates anxiety . ​ — Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
Additionally , reading God’s Word can help you to cope with stress . ​ — Matthew 11 : 28 - 30 .
Some people believe . . . that anxiety and stress are part of the human condition , while others believe that anxiety can only be relieved in an afterlife .
What do you think ?
What the Bible says
God will remove causes of anxiety .
“ Death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore . ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 4 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
Under God’s Kingdom , people will live in peace and tranquillity . ​ — Isaiah 32 : 18 .
Undue anxiety and stress will be forgotten . ​ — Isaiah 65 : 17 .
For more information , see chapter 3 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
Why Do People Die ?
( Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE QUESTIONS ANSWERED )
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
Table of Contents
3 Angels ​ — Can They Affect Your Life ?
4 The Truth About Angels
5 Do You Have a Guardian Angel ?
6 Are There Evil Angels ?
7 How Angels Can Help You
9 DID YOU KNOW ?
10 THE BIBLE CHANGES LIVES
For Me , God Did Not Exist
12 IMITATE THEIR FAITH | SARAH
God Called Her “ Princess ”
16 WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ?
Are angels real ?
The Bible says :
“ Praise Jehovah , all you his angels , mighty in power , who carry out his word , obeying his voice . ” ​ — Psalm 103 : 20 .
This issue of The Watchtower shows what the Bible says about angels and how they affect our life now .
COVER SUBJECT | ANGELS ​ — ARE THEY REAL ? WHY IT MATTERS
One Sunday afternoon , Kenneth and Filomena , who live in Curaçao , went to visit a married couple with whom they were conducting a Bible study .
“ When we arrived , ” relates Kenneth , “ the house was closed up and the car was gone .
But something impelled me to call the wife’s phone . ”
The woman answered the call and explained that her husband was at work .
However , as soon as she realized that Kenneth and Filomena were there , she came to the door and invited them in .
They could immediately see that she had been crying .
As Kenneth began the Bible study by opening with prayer , the woman started to cry again .
So Kenneth and Filomena kindly asked her what was wrong .
The woman explained that she had planned to kill herself that very afternoon , and she was writing a suicide note to her husband when Kenneth’s phone call stopped her .
She told them that she was suffering from depression , so they shared with her some comforting thoughts from the Bible .
That encouragement proved to be a lifesaver .
“ We thanked Jehovah for letting us help this distraught lady , ” says Kenneth , “ and especially for moving us ​ — perhaps by an angel or by His holy spirit — ​ to make that phone call ! ”
*
Are Kenneth and Filomena right to believe that God intervened , whether by means of an angel or by His holy spirit , or active force ?
Or was Kenneth’s timely phone call simply a happy coincidence ?
We cannot say for sure .
But what we do know is that God uses his angels to help people spiritually .
For example , the Bible says that God used an angel to direct the Christian evangelizer Philip to help an Ethiopian official who was looking for spiritual guidance . ​ — Acts 8 : 26 - 31 .
Various religions promote belief in supernatural spirit creatures , some of whom are portrayed as benevolent creatures who carry out God’s will or act as personal guardians .
Many people believe not only that angels exist but also that those spirits affect them in some meaningful way .
However , many other people do not believe in angels at all .
Are angels real ?
If so , what is their origin ?
What is the truth about angels ?
Can they affect your life ?
Let us examine the evidence .
Jehovah is the name of God as found in the Bible . ​ — Psalm 83 : 18 .
COVER SUBJECT | ANGELS ​ — ARE THEY REAL ?
WHY IT MATTERS
Would you like to know the truth about angels ​ — who they are , how they came into existence , and what they do ?
There is no better place to look for the answers than in God’s inspired Word , the Bible .
What does the Bible tell us ?
Just as God is a Spirit , angels too are invisible spirits who do “ not have flesh and bones . ”
The loyal angels reside in the heavens and have direct access to God’s heavenly presence . ​ — Luke 24 : 39 ; Matthew 18 : 10 ; John 4 : 24 .
Angels have at times appeared in human form to care for God - given assignments on earth and then dematerialized after completing their assignments . ​ — Judges 6 : 11 - 23 ; 13 : 15 - 20 .
Although angels are presented in the Bible as males and have always materialized as males , there is no male or female distinction among them .
They do not marry and reproduce their own kind .
Moreover , angels did not first come into existence as humans on earth ​ — whether as babies , children , or adults .
Angels were created by Jehovah ; thus the Bible calls them “ sons of the true God . ” ​ — Job 1 : 6 ; Psalm 148 : 2 , 5 .
The Bible speaks of “ the tongues of men and of angels , ” indicating that spirit persons have language and speech .
Although God has used angels to communicate with humans , he does not permit us to worship angels or pray to them . ​ — 1 Corinthians 13 : 1 ; Revelation 22 : 8 , 9 .
There are myriads upon myriads of angels , perhaps numbering into the billions . * ​ — Daniel 7 : 10 ; Revelation 5 : 11 .
Angels are “ mighty in power ” ​ — much more powerful than humans — ​ and they have superhuman intelligence .
They evidently can travel at tremendous speeds , far exceeding the limits of the physical world . ​ — Psalm 103 : 20 ; Daniel 9 : 20 - 23 .
Despite their higher mental and spiritual powers , angels have limitations , and there are some things they do not know . ​ — Matthew 24 : 36 ; 1 Peter 1 : 12 .
Angels were created with personalities , divine qualities , and free will .
Hence , like humans , they can choose to do right or wrong .
Sadly , some angels chose to rebel against God . ​ — Jude 6 . A myriad is 10,000 . One myriad times one myriad is 100 million .
Yet , Revelation speaks of “ myriads of myriads ” of angels .
That is hundreds of millions , perhaps billions , of spirit creatures ! The archangel , Michael , is the chief angel in terms of power and authority .
The Scriptures clearly indicate that Michael is another name for Jesus Christ . ​ — 1 Thessalonians 4 : 16 ; Jude 9 .
Seraphs rank very high among the angels in privileges and honor , and they are in attendance around God’s throne . ​ — Isaiah 6 : 1 - 3 .
Cherubs too have high rank and care for special responsibilities that are intimately associated with the Almighty’s glorious personage .
They are often shown to be in attendance upon him . ​ — Genesis 3 : 24 ; Ezekiel 9 : 3 ; 11 : 22 .
The myriads of other angelic messengers serve as the Most High’s agents and deputies in carrying out the divine will .
* ​ — Hebrews 1 : 7 , 14 .
For more information on angels , see chapter 10 of the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ? as well as the related appendix article “ Who Is Michael the Archangel ? ” published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Also available at www.jw.org .
COVER SUBJECT | ANGELS ​ — ARE THEY REAL ? WHY IT MATTERS
The Bible does not teach that each individual has a guardian angel .
True , Jesus once said : “ See that you do not despise one of these little ones [ Christ’s disciples ] , for I tell you that their angels in heaven always look upon the face of my Father who is in heaven . ”
However , rather than implying that each person has a guardian angel , Jesus was simply saying that angels take an active interest in each of his disciples .
Hence , true worshippers do not take unwise and careless risks , presuming that God’s angels will protect them .
Does that mean that angels do not help humans ?
No .
Some feel quite strongly that God has provided them with angelic protection and guidance .
Kenneth , mentioned in the opening article , is one who feels that way .
Though we cannot be dogmatic , he may be correct .
Jehovah’s Witnesses frequently see evidence of angelic intervention as they engage in their preaching work .
However , because angels are invisible , we cannot say to what extent God uses them in helping individuals with various matters .
Nevertheless , we cannot go wrong by thanking the Almighty for whatever support he may have provided . ​ — Colossians 3 : 15 ; James 1 : 17 , 18 .
COVER SUBJECT | ANGELS ​ — ARE THEY REAL ? WHY IT MATTERS
Yes , there are evil angels .
Where did they come from ?
Recall that God created angels with the gift of free will .
Shortly after the first man and woman , Adam and Eve , were created , a perfect spirit creature abused his freedom of choice and instigated rebellion on earth .
He succeeded in getting Adam and Eve to rebel against God .
The Bible does not specify what this spirit creature’s name was or what rank he held in heaven before he rebelled .
But after his rebellion , the Bible appropriately calls him Satan , which means “ Resister , ” and the Devil , which means “ Slanderer . ” ​ — Matthew 4 : 8 - 11 .
Sadly , the ungodly rebellion did not end there .
In Noah’s day an unspecified number of angels “ forsook their own proper dwelling place ” in God’s heavenly family .
They came down to the earth and took on fleshly bodies to pursue a depraved and immoral course , deviating from the purpose of their existence . ​ — Jude 6 ; Genesis 6 : 1 - 4 ; 1 Peter 3 : 19 , 20 .
What became of those evil angels ?
When God brought a global deluge to sweep the earth clean , they dematerialized and returned to the spirit realm .
However , God did not permit the disgraced angels to return to “ their original position . ”
Instead , he confined them to a debased condition of “ dense [ spiritual ] darkness , ” known as Tartarus .
These demons have placed themselves under the control of Satan the Devil , “ the ruler of the demons , ” who “ keeps disguising himself as an angel of light . ” ​ — Matthew 12 : 24 ; 2 Corinthians 11 : 14 .
The Bible teaches that God’s Messianic Kingdom , a heavenly government , was established in 1914 .
* Following that momentous event , Satan and his demons were ousted from heaven and confined to the vicinity of the earth .
The rampant wickedness and gross immorality that plague our planet are evidence of their vengeful and destructive influence . ​ — Revelation 12 : 9 - 12 .
However , the increase in depravity and shocking violence confirm that the end of their reign of terror is near .
Soon , these tyrannical spirit creatures will be taken out of action .
After God’s Kingdom has ruled over a paradise earth for 1,000 years , those wicked spirits will have one brief , final opportunity to test humankind .
Then they will be destroyed forever . ​ — Matthew 25 : 41 ; Revelation 20 : 1 - 3 , 7 - 10 .
For more information regarding God’s Kingdom , see chapter 8 of the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ? published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Also available at www.jw.org .
COVER SUBJECT | ANGELS ​ — ARE THEY REAL ? WHY IT MATTERS
Faithful angels are keenly interested in human affairs and are actively involved in carrying out Jehovah’s will .
When God created the earth , the angels “ joyfully cried out together , and all the sons of God began shouting in applause . ”
Throughout the course of history , angels have desired “ to peer ” into prophetic utterances regarding future events on earth . ​ — 1 Peter 1 : 11 , 12 .
The Bible shows that in order to accomplish God’s will , angels have at times provided a measure of protection for true worshippers .
For example :
When Jehovah brought destruction on the wicked cities of Sodom and Gomorrah , angels helped righteous Lot and his family to flee . ​ — Genesis 19 : 1 , 15 - 26 .
In ancient Babylon when three young Hebrews were condemned to die in a fiery furnace , God “ sent his angel and rescued his servants . ” ​ — Daniel 3 : 19 - 28 .
After the righteous man Daniel spent the night in a den of ravenous lions , he explained that he had survived because “ God sent his angel and shut the mouth of the lions . ” ​ — Daniel 6 : 16 , 22 .
Angels have a long history of helping faithful people
At times , God’s angelic messengers intervened in the activities of the early Christian congregation when that was necessary to fulfill Jehovah’s purpose .
For example :
An angel opened the doors of a prison and directed the apostles imprisoned there to continue preaching in the temple . ​ — Acts 5 : 17 - 21 .
An angel instructed the evangelizer Philip to go to the desert road that ran from Jerusalem to Gaza and preach to an Ethiopian who had gone to Jerusalem to worship . ​ — Acts 8 : 26 - 33 .
When it was God’s time for non - Jews to become Christians , an angel appeared to the Roman army officer Cornelius in a vision and instructed him to summon the apostle Peter to his home . ​ — Acts 10 : 3 - 5 .
When the apostle Peter was imprisoned , an angel appeared to him and led him out of the prison . ​ — Acts 12 : 1 - 11 .
There is no evidence that God is now using angels to help people miraculously in the ways described in the Bible .
However , regarding our time , Jesus said : “ This good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations , and then the end will come . ”
Did you know that Christ’s disciples are doing this work under the supervision of the angels ?
Angels help declare the good news throughout the earth
The book of Revelation indicates that angels would be diligently helping people earth wide to learn about Jehovah God and his purpose for mankind .
The apostle John wrote : “ I saw another angel flying in midheaven , and he had everlasting good news to declare to those who dwell on the earth , to every nation and tribe and tongue and people . He was saying in a loud voice : ‘ Fear God and give him glory , because the hour of judgment by him has arrived , so worship the One who made the heaven and the earth and the sea and the springs of water . ’ ”
Many modern - day experiences give evidence that angels are supporting the worldwide Kingdom - preaching work .
Indeed , when even one sinner repents and turns to Jehovah , “ joy arises among the angels of God . ” ​ — Luke 15 : 10 .
What will happen when the preaching work is completed ?
Then angelic “ armies in heaven ” will support Jesus Christ , the King of kings , in fighting “ the war of the great day of God the Almighty ” at Armageddon .
Powerful angels will serve as executioners of divine judgment as the Lord Jesus “ brings vengeance on those who . . . do not obey the good news about our Lord Jesus . ” ​ — 2 Thessalonians 1 : 7 , 8 .
Be assured , therefore , that the angels are personally interested in you .
They have deep concern for the welfare of those who desire to serve God , and Jehovah has repeatedly used them to strengthen and protect his faithful servants on earth . ​ — Hebrews 1 : 14 .
Each one of us , then , has a crucial choice to make .
Will we listen to and obey the good news that is being proclaimed earth wide ?
Jehovah’s Witnesses in your community will be happy to assist you to benefit from the loving help of God’s mighty angels .
For more information on what the Bible says about loyal and disloyal angels , see chapter 10 of the book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses , available on jw.org .
A child with a puppy , Greek or Roman statuette ( first century B.C.E . to the second century C.E . )
On one occasion , when Jesus was outside Israel’s borders in the Roman province of Syria , a Greek woman approached to ask for help .
Jesus ’ response included an illustration that suggested a comparison between non - Jews and “ little dogs . ”
Under the Mosaic Law , dogs were deemed to be unclean animals .
But did Jesus mean to insult this Greek woman and other non - Jews ?
Not at all .
Jesus ’ point , as he explained to his disciples , was that his priority at that time was to help the Jews .
So he illustrated the point , saying to the Greek woman : “ It is not right to take the bread of the children and throw it to the little dogs . ”
Among the Greeks and Romans , the dog was often a beloved pet that lived in its owner’s house and played with the children .
So the expression “ little dogs ” might have called to mind a warm , endearing picture .
The Greek woman picked up on Jesus ’ words and replied : “ Yes , Lord , but really the little dogs do eat of the crumbs falling from the table of their masters . ”
Jesus commended her faith and healed the woman’s daughter . ​ — Matthew 15 : 27 , 28 .
A relief carving of a large cargo ship ( first century C.E . )
The ship that was carrying Paul to Italy was struggling against contrary winds .
During a stopover , the apostle advised that the remainder of the voyage be postponed .
Was there a basis for such counsel ?
Sailors in antiquity well knew that navigation on the Mediterranean was hazardous during the winter months .
Between mid - November and mid - March , the sea was considered closed to shipping .
But the voyage Paul spoke about was to take place in September or October .
In his Epitome of Military Science , the Roman writer Vegetius ( fourth century C.E . ) explained about navigation on that sea : “ Some months are very suitable , some are doubtful , and the rest are impossible . ”
Vegetius said that sailing was safe from May 27 to September 14 but that the two doubtful , or dangerous , periods ran from September 15 to November 11 and from March 11 to May 26 .
Paul , a seasoned traveler , was no doubt well aware of such facts .
The pilot and the shipowner likely knew such things too , but they ignored Paul’s counsel .
The voyage ended in shipwreck . ​ — Acts 27 : 13 - 44 .
With my wife , Tabitha , in the public ministry
THE BIBLE CHANGES LIVES
As told by Andreas Golec
YEAR BORN : 1974
COUNTRY OF ORIGIN : GERMAN DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC
HISTORY : ATHEIST
I was born in a village in Saxony , in what was then the German Democratic Republic ( GDR ) .
The atmosphere at home was warm and loving , and my parents taught me sound moral values .
The GDR was a Communist state , so for most people in Saxony , religion was unimportant .
And for me , God did not exist .
Two ideologies shaped the first 18 years of my life : atheism and Communism .
Why did Communism appeal to me ?
Because I liked the idea that all people are equal .
Furthermore , I believed that all property ought to be distributed fairly , since this would put an end to extremes of wealth and poverty .
So I got busy in a Communist youth organization .
When I was 14 years old , I spent a lot of time working on an environmental project to recycle wastepaper .
The local town of Aue was so grateful for my efforts that the authorities there presented me with an award .
Though still young , I got to know some top GDR politicians .
I felt that I was pursuing the right goals and that my future was bright .
Then my world suddenly fell apart .
In 1989 the Berlin Wall came down and with it the Communist bloc of Eastern Europe .
One shock led to another .
I soon discovered that injustice had been common in the GDR .
For example , people who did not support Communism had been treated as second - rate citizens .
How was that possible ?
Did we Communists not believe that all people are equal ?
Was Communism just an illusion ?
Anxiety gripped me .
So I switched priorities and focused on music and art .
Since I was able to study at a music academy ​ — with the likelihood of moving on to university — ​ I dreamed of a career as a musician - artist .
Furthermore , I threw overboard the moral values I had learned as a child .
What was now important was to have a good time , which included dating several girls at once .
But music , art , and a free lifestyle did not ease my anxiety .
Even the pictures I painted reflected a morbid fear .
What did the future hold ?
And what was the purpose of life ?
When I finally found the answers I was looking for , they astonished me .
One evening at the academy , I sat with a group of students discussing the future .
Mandy * was a student and also one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
That evening she pointed me in the right direction .
“ Andreas , ” she said , “ if you want answers to your questions about life and the future , take a careful look at the Bible . ”
I felt both skeptical and curious , but curiosity won the day .
Mandy directed me to Daniel chapter 2 , and what I read there stunned me .
This prophecy describes a series of world powers , governments that would have a major impact down to our day .
Mandy showed me other Bible prophecies that concern our future .
At last I was finding answers to my questions !
But who wrote those prophecies , and who could predict the future so accurately ?
Could it be that God exists after all ?
Mandy put me in touch with Horst and Angelika , a Witness couple who helped me understand God’s Word better .
I quickly recognized that Jehovah’s Witnesses are the only religious organization that consistently uses and draws attention to God’s personal name , Jehovah .
I learned that Jehovah God offers mankind the prospect of living forever on a paradise earth .
Psalm 37 : 9 states : “ Those hoping in Jehovah will possess the earth . ”
It appealed to me that this prospect is open to all individuals who endeavor to live up to God’s standards of conduct as explained in the Bible .
However , I struggled to change my ways so as to live in harmony with the Bible .
Success as a musician - artist made me proud , so I first needed to learn some humility .
Moreover , it was not easy for me to abandon a morally loose lifestyle .
How grateful I am that Jehovah shows patience , mercy , and understanding toward those who try their best to practice what the Bible teaches !
Communism and atheism formed me during the first 18 years of my life ; the Bible has been transforming my life ever since .
What I learned quelled my anxiety about the future and gave me a purpose in life .
In 1993 , I got baptized as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , and in 2000 , I married Tabitha , a zealous fellow believer .
We spend as much time as possible helping others get to know the Bible .
Many we meet have a background like mine , one shaped by Communism and atheism .
I feel deep satisfaction when I show them how to get to know Jehovah .
When I first began to associate with Jehovah’s Witnesses , my parents were horrified .
Since then , however , they have come to see the positive effect that associating with the Witnesses has had on my life .
To my joy , they now read the Bible and attend Christian meetings of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Tabitha and I enjoy a good marriage because we try to follow closely the advice given in the Bible to married couples .
For instance , heeding its counsel about marital faithfulness continues to strengthen our marriage . ​ — Hebrews 13 : 4 .
I am no longer fearful of life and anxious about the future .
I feel part of a worldwide family of fellow believers , one that enjoys real peace and unity .
Within this family we treat one another as equals .
That is something I have believed in and wanted to achieve all my life .
Name has been changed .
IMITATE THEIR FAITH | SARAH
SARAH straightened up from her work and turned toward the horizon .
Under her wise guidance , the servants were happily and busily employed .
Industrious Sarah did her own part too .
Picture her thoughtfully rubbing her hands together , massaging the aches away .
Perhaps she had been engrossed in sewing a patch over a tear in the tent that was their home .
The coarse goat - hair fabric was faded by years of sun and rain , reminding Sarah of how long they had been living a nomadic life .
The afternoon fled by , and now the light was turning golden .
She had watched Abraham * leave in the morning , and she gazed expectantly in the same direction .
As her husband’s familiar form crested a nearby hill , a smile lit up her lovely face .
A decade had passed since Abraham led his large family group across the Euphrates River and down into Canaan .
Sarah had willingly supported her husband in this great journey into the unknown , for she knew that he was to play a vital role in Jehovah’s purpose to produce a highly favored offspring and a nation .
What part , though , could Sarah play ?
She had always been barren , and she was 75 years old now .
She might well have wondered , ‘ How can Jehovah’s promise come true while I am Abraham’s wife ? ’
It would certainly be understandable if she felt concern ​ — or even impatience .
We too may at times wonder when God’s promises will come true .
Patience rarely comes easily to us , especially when we are awaiting the fulfillment of a hope we cherish .
What can we learn from the faith of this remarkable woman ?
The family had recently returned from Egypt .
They were encamped in the highlands east of Bethel , or Luz , as the Canaanites called it .
From this lofty plateau , Sarah could see a great deal of the Promised Land .
There were Canaanite villages and roads that led travelers to far - off lands .
In all that panorama , though , there was nothing like Sarah’s hometown .
She had grown up in Ur , a Mesopotamian city that was a 1,200 - mile ( 1,900 km ) journey away .
There she had left behind many of her relatives , the conveniences of a thriving city with markets and bazaars , and her comfortable home with a solid roof and walls , perhaps even with running water !
Yet , if we imagine Sarah gazing sadly to the east , pining for the comforts of her childhood home , we do not know this godly woman .
Note what the apostle Paul was inspired to write some 2,000 years later .
Speaking of the faith of Sarah and Abraham , he said : “ If they had kept remembering the place from which they had departed , they would have had opportunity to return . ”
Neither Sarah nor Abraham looked longingly to the past .
Had they indulged in such thinking , they might well have decided to return home .
Back in Ur , though , they would have missed out on the remarkable privilege Jehovah was offering them .
And they would surely have faded from human memory instead of becoming inspiring examples of faith that have touched millions of hearts .
Rather than looking behind , Sarah looked ahead .
So she kept supporting her husband in his sojourn in the land , helping to pack up the tents , move with the herds , and set up camp again .
She endured further challenges and changes .
Jehovah renewed his promise to Abraham ​ — but still no mention of Sarah ! ​ — Genesis 13 : 14 - 17 ; 15 : 5 - 7 .
Finally , Sarah decided that it was time to speak to Abraham of a plan that had been forming in her mind .
Picture her face showing conflicting emotions as she said : “ Please now !
Jehovah has prevented me from bearing children . ” Then she asked her husband to become father to children by means of her servant girl , Hagar .
Can you imagine Sarah’s anguish in asking that of her husband ?
It may seem a strange request to us today , but it was not unusual in those times for a man to take a secondary wife , or concubine , in order to produce an heir .
* Might Sarah have felt that in this way God’s purpose to produce a nation of descendants through Abraham would be realized ?
At any rate , she was willing to make a difficult sacrifice .
Abraham’s reaction ?
We read that he “ listened to what [ Sarah ] said . ” ​ — Genesis 16 : 1 - 3 .
Does the account suggest that Jehovah moved Sarah to make such an offer ?
No .
Rather , her proposal reveals a very human outlook .
She thought that God was responsible for her troubles , and she could not imagine that he had another solution .
Sarah’s own solution would bring her pain and trouble .
Still , her proposal showed an admirable lack of selfishness .
In a world where people so often put their own personal desires ahead of all else , does not Sarah’s selfless spirit shine through ?
If we are willing to put God’s purposes ahead of selfish interests , we will imitate Sarah’s faith .
It was not long afterward that Hagar became pregnant by Abraham .
Perhaps convinced that her pregnancy made her more important than Sarah , Hagar began to despise her mistress .
What a blow for barren Sarah !
With Abraham’s permission and God’s backing , Sarah in some undisclosed way chastised Hagar .
A son , Ishmael , was born to Hagar , and then years passed .
The next time the record reveals a message from Jehovah , Sarah was 89 years old and her husband 99 .
And what an amazing message they received !
Again , Jehovah promised his friend Abraham that He would multiply his offspring .
God also changed the man’s name .
Up to this point , he had been known as Abram .
But Jehovah renamed him Abraham , which means “ Father of a Multitude . ”
And now , for the first time , Jehovah showed where Sarah fit into the picture .
He changed her name from Sarai , which may have meant something like “ Contentious , ” to Sarah , the name familiar to us all .
What does Sarah mean ?
“ Princess ” !
Jehovah explained why he chose that name for this beloved woman : “ I will bless her and also give you a son by her ; I will bless her and she will become nations ; kings of peoples will come from her . ” ​ — Genesis 17 : 5 , 15 , 16 .
Jehovah’s covenant to bring forth an offspring who would bless all nations would be fulfilled through Sarah’s son !
The name that God chose for the boy , Isaac , means “ Laughter . ”
When Abraham first learned of Jehovah’s purpose to bless Sarah with a child of her own , he “ fell facedown and began to laugh . ”
He was amazed and overjoyed .
And what of Sarah ?
Not long afterward three men , strangers , came to Abraham’s tent .
It was during the heat of the day , but this elderly couple immediately hurried to welcome these guests .
Abraham said to Sarah : “ Quick !
Get three measures of fine flour , knead the dough , and make loaves of bread . ”
Hospitality involved a lot of work back then . Abraham did not leave all the work to his wife ; he rushed about to slaughter a young bull and prepare more food and drink .
Those “ men ” turned out to be Jehovah’s angels !
The apostle Paul likely had this incident in mind when he wrote : “ Do not forget hospitality , for through it some unknowingly entertained angels . ”
Can you imitate the splendid example of hospitality set by Abraham and Sarah ?
Sarah loved showing hospitality
When one of the angels repeated to Abraham God’s promise about Sarah giving birth to a son , she was out of sight , within her tent , listening .
The thought of giving birth at her age struck her as being so bizarre that she could not hold back ​ — she laughed to herself , saying : “ After I am worn out and my lord is old , will I really have this pleasure ? ”
The angel corrected Sarah with the pointed question , “ Is anything too extraordinary for Jehovah ? ”
Sarah’s reaction was fearful , defensive , and only too human .
She blurted out : “ I did not laugh ! ”
The angel replied : “ Yes !
You did laugh . ” ​ — Genesis 18 : 9 - 15 .
Was Sarah’s laughter evidence that she lacked faith ?
Not at all .
The Bible says : “ By faith also Sarah received power to conceive offspring , even when she was past the age , since she considered Him faithful who made the promise . ”
Sarah knew Jehovah ; she knew that he could fulfill any promise that he made .
Who of us does not need more faith of that kind ?
We do well to get to know the God of the Bible better .
As we do , we will see that Sarah was right to have the faith that she did .
Jehovah truly is faithful and carries out his every promise ​ — at times , he might even do so in ways that surprise us into amazed or incredulous laughter !
Jehovah rewarded Sarah for her precious faith
At 90 years of age , Sarah finally got to relish the moment she had longed for all her adult life .
She bore a son to her beloved husband , now a century old !
Abraham named the baby Isaac , or “ Laughter , ” just as God had said .
We may picture Sarah’s weary but glowing smile as she explained : “ God has brought me laughter ; everybody hearing of it will laugh with me . ”
This miraculous gift from Jehovah surely delighted her till the end of her days .
However , it also brought her great responsibilities .
When Isaac was five years old , the family held a feast to mark the occasion of the weaning of the child .
But not all was well .
We read that Sarah “ kept noticing ” a troubling pattern of behavior .
Ishmael , the 19 - year - old son of Hagar , kept mocking little Isaac .
This was not mere playful teasing .
The apostle Paul was later inspired to call Ishmael’s behavior persecution .
Sarah saw this bullying for what it was : a serious threat to the well - being of her son .
Sarah knew well that Isaac was more than just her son ; he was assigned a key role in Jehovah’s purpose .
So she mustered up courage and spoke forthrightly to Abraham .
She asked him to send Hagar and Ishmael away . ​ — Genesis 21 : 8 - 10 ; Galatians 4 : 22 , 23 , 29 .
How did Abraham respond ?
We read : “ What she said about his son was very displeasing to Abraham . ”
He was fond of Ishmael , and he could not see past his own fatherly emotions on this issue .
However , Jehovah saw the matter clearly , so he intervened .
We read : “ Then God said to Abraham : ‘ Do not be displeased by what Sarah is saying to you about the boy and about your slave girl .
Listen to her , for what will be called your offspring will be through Isaac . ’ ”
Jehovah assured Abraham that Hagar and the boy would be provided for .
Faithful Abraham complied . ​ — Genesis 21 : 11 - 14 .
Sarah was a true wife to Abraham , a genuine complement .
She did not merely tell her husband whatever he wanted to hear .
When she saw a problem , one that mattered to the family and their future , she spoke candidly to her husband .
Her directness should not be mistaken for disrespect .
In fact , the apostle Peter , himself a married man , later referred to her as a sterling example of a wife who showed deep respect for her husband .
In truth , if Sarah had kept silent about this matter , she would have failed to respect Abraham , for the cost to him and the whole family might have been great indeed .
Sarah lovingly said what needed to be said .
Many wives cherish Sarah’s example .
From her they learn to communicate honestly and respectfully with their husbands .
Some wives might wish , at times , that Jehovah would intervene as he did in Sarah’s case .
Even so , they learn from Sarah’s remarkable faith , love , and patience .
Jehovah called Sarah “ Princess , ” but she did not expect to be treated like royalty
Though this beloved woman was named “ Princess ” by Jehovah himself , she did not expect to be treated like royalty .
It is small wonder that when she died at 127 years of age , Abraham “ began to mourn and to weep over Sarah . ”
* He sorely missed his beloved “ Princess . ”
Without a doubt , Jehovah God also misses this faithful woman ​ — and he intends to restore her to life on a paradise earth .
An eternal and blissful future awaits Sarah ​ — and all who imitate her faith . ​ — John 5 : 28 , 29 .
Technically , the couple were known as Abram and Sarai until God later renamed them , but for the sake of simplicity , we will use the names by which they are most commonly known .
Jehovah tolerated polygamy and concubinage for a time , but he later authorized Jesus Christ to restore marriage to the original standard of monogamy set in Eden . ​ — Genesis 2 : 24 ; Matthew 19 : 3 - 9 .
Sarah is the only woman in the Bible whose age at the time of her death is included in the inspired record .
All weapons of war will be destroyed
What would you say ?
Yes
No
Maybe
What the Bible says
Under the rule of Jesus Christ , “ peace will abound until the moon is no more ” ​ — meaning forever . ​ — Psalm 72 : 7 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
Wicked people will be removed from the earth , allowing good people to “ find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 10 , 11 .
God will bring all wars to an end . ​ — Psalm 46 : 8 , 9 .
Some people believe . . . that real peace of mind cannot be found as long as the world is filled with suffering and injustice .
What do you think ?
What the Bible says
Even now , those who are close to God can have “ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding . ” ​ — Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
God promises to eliminate suffering and injustice , “ making all things new . ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 4 , 5 .
We can gain inner peace by caring for our “ spiritual need . ” ​ — Matthew 5 : 3 .
For more information , see chapter 3 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
Is It Necessary to Belong to an Organized Religion ?
( Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE QUESTIONS ANSWERED )
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
Table of Contents
3 “ It Was the Best Gift I Had Ever Received ”
4 The Quest for the Best Gift
6 What Is the Best Gift of All ?
8 WHAT DID JESUS REALLY LOOK LIKE ?
10 A PROPER VIEW OF MISTAKES
12 THE BIBLE ​ — WHY SO MANY ?
15 OUR READERS ASK . . .
Is Christmas for Christians ?
16 WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY ?
Who is the greatest gift - giver in the universe ?
“ Every good gift and every perfect present is from above , coming down from the Father of the celestial lights . ” ​ — James 1 : 17 .
This issue of The Watchtower helps us to appreciate one gift from God that is the best of all .
COVER SUBJECT | WHAT IS THE BEST GIFT OF ALL ?
That is how one 13 - year - old girl felt when she received a pet dog as a gift .
A successful businesswoman said that a computer her father gave her when she was in high school was a gift that changed her life .
And a newlywed husband felt that his wife’s handmade first - anniversary card was the best gift he had ever received .
Each year , many people spend time and effort searching for that “ best ” gift for a friend or a relative on a special occasion .
And most would love to hear a response like those mentioned at the outset .
What about you ?
Would you like to be able to give or receive gifts that are truly appreciated ?
That prospect can be very appealing , not only because of the effect a gift can have on the receiver but also because of the way it can make the giver feel .
After all , the Bible says : “ There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving . ”
Of course , the happiness gained from giving may be enhanced if the gift is highly valued by the receiver .
How , then , can you make your gift - giving a source of true happiness for you and for the receiver ?
And if giving the “ best ” gift is not possible , what can you do so that your gift will be truly appreciated ?
COVER SUBJECT | WHAT IS THE BEST GIFT OF ALL ?
Coming up with what might be considered the ideal gift for someone is not an easy task .
After all , the value of the gift will be determined by the receiver .
And what one recipient considers best might not be so for another .
For instance , a teenager may feel that the latest electronic gadget would be a perfect gift .
An adult , on the other hand , may deeply treasure receiving a gift of sentimental value , such as a family heirloom .
In some cultures , the preferred gift for young and old alike is money , allowing the receiver to use it for whatever he or she wants .
Despite the challenge , many thoughtful individuals continue in their quest for a gift most suitable for someone special .
While finding such a gift may not always be possible , keeping in mind certain factors would likely increase the chances for success .
Let us consider four that can contribute to satisfaction on the part of the receiver .
The recipient’s desires .
A man in Belfast , Northern Ireland , called a racing bike he received when he was 10 or 11 years old the best present ever .
Why ?
“ Because I really wanted it , ” he explained .
That remark reveals that a person’s desire has much to do with whether he will cherish a gift or not .
So think about the person to whom you intend to give a gift .
Try to identify what he may value , because a person’s values often influence his desires .
For example , grandparents often value spending time with family .
They may desire to see their children and grandchildren as frequently as possible .
A family vacation including the grandparents would likely be more appreciated than any other gift for them .
A key to being aware of a person’s desires is to be a good listener .
The Bible encourages us to “ be quick to listen , slow to speak . ”
As you engage in everyday conversation with your friends or relatives , listen closely for clues that indicate their likes and dislikes .
Then you may be in a better position to give a gift that they will enjoy .
The recipient’s needs .
A recipient may highly cherish even the simplest gift if it fills a particular need .
But how can you know what someone else might need ?
It may seem that the easiest way to find out is to ask what the person needs ​ — or , for that matter , wants .
However , for many gift - givers , this takes away part of the joy of giving , as they much prefer to surprise the receiver with just the right gift .
Furthermore , while some people may talk freely about their likes or dislikes , often they can be rather private regarding their needs .
Therefore , be observant and take special note of the person’s circumstances .
Is he or she young , old , single , married , divorced , widowed , employed , or retired ?
Then give thought to what gifts may address a need the person has .
To gain insight into the needs of the intended recipient of your gift , consult with others who have been in similar circumstances .
They may be able to tell you about special needs that are not widely known by others .
With such input , you may now be able to give a gift that fills a need that others would not think of .
The timing .
The Bible states : “ A word spoken at the right time ​ — how good it is ! ”
This scripture shows that the timing of our words can make a big difference .
It is similar with our actions .
Just as words spoken at the right time can be very pleasing to the hearer , a gift given at the right time or on the appropriate occasion can contribute greatly to the receiver’s happiness .
A friend is getting married .
A youth is soon to graduate from school .
A married couple is expecting a baby .
These are but a few of the many occasions for which gifts are often given .
Some find it practical to keep a list of such special events that will take place in the coming year .
In this way they can plan ahead for the gift that would be best for each occasion .
*
Of course , you need not limit gift - giving to special occasions .
The joy of giving can be experienced at any time .
However , a word of caution might be in order .
For example , if a man were to give a woman a gift when there is no apparent reason for doing so , she might conclude that the gift was an indication of his interest in getting to know her better .
Unless that is the true and appropriate intention , such a gift may lead to misunderstandings or complications .
This underscores the need to consider another important factor ​ — the giver’s motives .
The giver’s motives .
As the previous example shows , it is good to consider whether the recipient might misinterpret the giver’s motives .
On the other hand , the giver would do well to examine his or her own motives .
While most people would like to think that their motives for gift - giving are honorable , many give gifts during certain times of the year because they feel pressured to do so .
Still others give in hopes of receiving preferential treatment or something in return .
What can you do to ensure that your gift - giving is done with good motives ?
The Bible says : “ Let everything you do be done with love . ”
If your giving is motivated by genuine love and concern for the recipients , your gifts will likely be received with joy and you will experience the greater happiness that comes from true generosity .
When you give from the heart , you also make our heavenly Father rejoice .
The apostle Paul commended the Christians in ancient Corinth when they generously and happily supported relief work for their fellow Christians in Judea .
“ God loves a cheerful giver , ” Paul told them . ​ — 2 Corinthians 9 : 7 .
Giving attention to the factors we have discussed can contribute greatly toward your giving gifts that make others happy .
These factors ​ — and more — ​ have played a part in God’s arrangement for mankind to receive the greatest gift of all .
We invite you to consider what this grand gift is by reading the next article .
Many people also give gifts during birthday and holiday celebrations .
However , these occasions often involve practices that are in conflict with what the Bible teaches .
See the article “ Our Readers Ask ​ — Is Christmas for Christians ? ”
in this magazine .
God’s gift of the ransom , which makes everlasting life possible , is the best gift of all
COVER SUBJECT | WHAT IS THE BEST GIFT OF ALL ?
“ Every good gift and every perfect present is from above , coming down from the Father of the celestial lights . ”
That scripture , of course , refers to the generosity of our heavenly Father , Jehovah God .
Yet , of the many gifts that God has given mankind , there is one that is greater than all the rest .
What is it ?
Jesus ’ well - known words , recorded at John 3 : 16 , tell us : “ God loved the world so much that he gave his only - begotten Son , so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life . ”
The gift of God’s only - begotten Son ​ — that would certainly be the greatest gift that any one of us could ever receive , for thereby we can be freed from the bondage to sin , old age , and death .
Try as we may , on our own there is nothing we can do to be released from that bondage .
However , in his great love , God provided what is needed to bring about that release .
By giving his only - begotten Son , Jesus Christ , as the ransom , Jehovah God gave obedient mankind the prospect of life everlasting .
But what exactly is the ransom ?
Why is it necessary ?
And how can we benefit from it ?
A ransom is a price paid to buy back something forfeited or to bring about release from bondage .
The Bible explains that our first parents , Adam and Eve , were created sinless , with the prospect of enjoying life forever on a paradise earth along with the offspring they would later produce .
Sadly , they forfeited all of that by choosing to disobey God ​ — thus becoming sinners .
What was the result ?
The Bible answers : “ Through one man sin entered into the world and death through sin , and so death spread to all men because they had all sinned . ”
Instead of passing on perfect life to his offspring , Adam passed on sin and its consequence , death .
In the case of a ransom , what is paid must be equal to what was lost .
When Adam deliberately disobeyed God , he sinned , and the result was the loss of a perfect human life ​ — Adam’s life .
According to the Bible , that caused Adam’s offspring to become enslaved to sin and death .
Hence , it took the surrendering of another perfect human life ​ — Jesus ’ life — ​ given as a sacrifice to make release from bondage possible .
It is only because God lovingly paid this ransom that mankind has the prospect of enjoying what Adam and Eve lost ​ — life forever on a paradise earth . ​ — Revelation 21 : 3 - 5 .
In view of what it accomplishes , there is no doubt that God’s gift of the ransom , which makes everlasting life possible , is the greatest gift of all .
To appreciate what a “ perfect present ” it is , let us see how , in surpassing ways , it satisfies the factors that help us to make gifts worthwhile , as discussed in the preceding article .
Satisfies our desire .
We humans have a strong innate desire to keep on living .
Although on our own we are unable to satisfy that desire , the ransom makes it possible for us to do so .
The Bible says : “ For the wages sin pays is death , but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord . ” ​ — Romans 6 : 23 .
Fills our need .
Humans could not provide the ransom .
The Bible explains : “ The ransom price for their life is so precious that it is always beyond their reach . ”
Therefore , we were in desperate need of divine assistance in order to be released from bondage to sin and death .
But “ through the release by the ransom paid by Christ Jesus , ” God has provided just what is needed . ​ — Romans 3 : 23 , 24 .
Is perfectly timed .
The Bible tells us : “ While we were yet sinners , Christ died for us . ”
Because it was given “ while we were yet sinners , ” the ransom provides assurance of the depth of God’s love for us despite our sinful state .
And it gives us much to look forward to , even though we have to endure the consequences of sin .
Reveals a motive noble and selfless .
The Bible points out what moved God to offer his Son as the ransom : “ By this the love of God was revealed in our case , that God sent his only - begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him .
The love is in this respect , not that we have loved God , but that he loved us . ” ​ — 1 John 4 : 9 , 10 .
How can you show that you appreciate the greatest gift of all ?
Recall that Jesus ’ words at John 3 : 16 point out that only those “ exercising faith ” in him will be saved .
Faith , according to the Bible , is “ the assured expectation of what is hoped for . ”
To have that assurance , accurate knowledge is essential .
For this reason , we urge you to take time to learn about Jehovah God , the Giver of this “ perfect present , ” and to find out what you must do to enjoy the everlasting life that Jesus ’ ransom sacrifice has made possible for you .
You can learn all of this by examining the Scriptural information available online at www.jw.org .
Jehovah’s Witnesses are happy to help you .
We are confident that as you learn about and benefit from this greatest gift , you will be moved to exclaim : “ Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord ! ” ​ — Romans 7 : 25 .
No one has a photograph of Jesus .
He never posed for a portrait or a sculpture .
Still , he has appeared in the works of countless artists throughout the centuries .
Of course , those artists did not know what Jesus really looked like .
Prevailing culture , religious beliefs , and the wishes of their patrons often dictated how the artists portrayed Jesus .
Even so , their imagery could influence , even blur , people’s view of Jesus and his teachings .
Some artists depicted Jesus as a frail weakling with long hair and a thin beard or emphasized a look of melancholy .
In other presentations , Jesus appears supernatural , adorned with a halo , or distant from those around him .
Do such portrayals correctly characterize Jesus ?
How can we find out ?
One way is to examine statements in the Bible that can shed some light on what he might have looked like .
They can also help us to have the correct view of him .
Those are words that Jesus uttered in prayer apparently at the time of his baptism .
What did that body look like ?
Some 30 years earlier , the angel Gabriel had revealed to Mary : “ You will become pregnant and give birth to a son , . . .
God’s Son . ” Thus , Jesus was a perfect man , as was Adam at his creation .
Jesus must have been a well - formed man , and he probably had features similar to those of his Jewish mother , Mary .
Jesus wore a beard , as was customary among Jews in contrast to Romans .
Such beards were a symbol of dignity and respectability ; they were not long and unkempt .
Jesus undoubtedly attended to or trimmed his beard and had his hair neatly clipped .
Only those set aside as Nazirites , such as Samson , did not cut their hair . ​ — Numbers 6 : 5 ; Judges 13 : 5 .
For the better part of 30 years , Jesus was a carpenter , working without the benefit of modern power tools .
He , therefore , must have had a sturdy build .
Early in his ministry , he single - handedly “ drove all those with the sheep and cattle out of the temple , and he poured out the coins of the money changers and overturned their tables . ”
It takes a strong and powerful man to perform that feat .
Jesus used the body that God had prepared for him to fulfill his God - given commission : “ I must also declare the good news of the Kingdom of God to other cities , because for this I was sent . ”
It took extraordinary stamina to travel throughout Palestine on foot and declare this message .
Jesus ’ warm countenance and appealing demeanor must have made this invitation particularly attractive to those “ toiling and loaded down . ”
His warmth and kindness underscored his promise of refreshment for those willing to learn from him .
Even young ones wanted to be close to Jesus , for the Bible says : “ He took the children into his arms . ” ​ — Mark 10 : 13 - 16 .
Though Jesus did experience agony before his death , he was not a melancholic individual .
For example , he contributed to festivities at a marriage feast in Cana by changing water into fine wine .
At other gatherings he taught never - to - be - forgotten lessons . ​ — Matthew 9 : 9 - 13 ; John 12 : 1 - 8 .
Above all , Jesus ’ preaching put the joyful prospect of everlasting life within the reach of his listeners .
When 70 of his disciples reported their preaching experiences , he became “ overjoyed ” and exclaimed : “ Rejoice because your names have been written in the heavens . ” ​ — Luke 10 : 20 , 21 .
Religious leaders of Jesus ’ day contrived ways to draw attention to themselves and underscore their authority .
Unlike them , Jesus instructed his apostles not to “ lord it over ” others .
In fact , Jesus warned : “ Beware of the scribes who want to walk around in robes and want greetings in the marketplaces . ” ​ — Mark 12 : 38 .
By contrast , Jesus blended in with the crowd , unrecognized on occasion .
Even among his 11 faithful apostles , he did not stand out physically .
The betrayer Judas resorted to a kiss , “ an agreed sign , ” to identify Jesus to the mob . ​ — Mark 14 : 44 , 45 .
So while many details are unknown , it is evident that Jesus did not look the way he has often been portrayed .
More important than what he really looked like , however , is how we view him now .
Within the day that he uttered those words , Jesus was dead and buried .
He gave his life as “ a ransom in exchange for many . ”
On the third day , God resurrected him “ in the spirit ” and “ allowed him to become manifest ” to some of his disciples .
How did Jesus look when he appeared to his disciples then ?
Apparently quite different from his original appearance , for even his closest associates did not immediately recognize him .
Mary Magdalene took him for a gardener ; and the two disciples on the road to Emmaus , for a stranger . ​ — Luke 24 : 13 - 18 ; John 20 : 1 , 14 , 15 .
How should we picture Jesus today ?
Over 60 years after Jesus ’ death , the beloved apostle John saw visions of Jesus .
John did not see a dying figure on a cross .
Rather , he saw the “ King of kings and Lord of lords , ” the King of God’s Kingdom , who will soon conquer God’s enemies , both demonic and human , and bring everlasting blessings to mankind . ​ — Revelation 19 : 16 ; 21 : 3 , 4 .
Don and Margaret * enjoyed the visit of their daughter and her family .
For their parting meal together , Margaret , a retired professional cook , prepared macaroni and cheese , a favorite meal of her two grandsons .
With everyone seated , Margaret brought in the main course and placed it in the center of the table .
She raised the lid and to her dismay discovered that there was just hot cheese sauce in the bowl !
Margaret had forgotten to add the main ingredient , macaroni !
*
Regardless of age or experience , we all make mistakes .
It could be a thoughtless word or a poorly timed action , or perhaps we simply overlooked something or let it slip our mind .
Why do mistakes happen ?
How can we deal with them ?
Can they be avoided ?
A proper view of mistakes will help us answer these questions .
When we do something well , we gladly accept the praise and acknowledgment that we feel we deserve .
When we make a mistake , even if it is unintentional or unnoticed by others , should we not similarly acknowledge our responsibility ?
To do so requires humility .
If we think too much of ourselves , we may well try to minimize our mistake , shift the blame , or even deny that we made it .
Such a course of action usually leads to negative consequences .
The problem could remain unresolved , and other people could be unjustly blamed .
Even if we should succeed in passing over our mistake now , we need to keep in mind that in the long run , “ each of us will render an account for himself to God . ” ​ — Romans 14 : 12 .
God has a realistic view of mistakes .
In the book of Psalms , God is portrayed as “ merciful and compassionate ” ; he “ will not always find fault , nor will he stay resentful forever . ”
He knows the imperfect makeup of humans and understands our inborn frailties , “ remembering that we are dust . ” ​ — Psalm 103 : 8 , 9 , 14 .
Furthermore , like a merciful father , God wants us , his children , to view mistakes as he does .
His Word lovingly provides an abundance of counsel and guidance to help us deal with our own mistakes as well as those of others .
Often , when mistakes are made , a person spends much time and emotional energy apportioning blame or justifying what was said or done .
Instead , when your words offend someone , why not simply apologize , put things right , and keep your friendship intact .
Have you done something wrong and caused inconvenience or worse to yourself or somebody else ?
Rather than berate yourself or accuse others , why not simply do your best to correct matters ?
To insist that the fault lies elsewhere will almost certainly prolong unnecessary tension and allow the problem to intensify .
Instead , learn , correct , and move on .
When someone else makes a mistake , however , it is very easy for us to react in a way that shows disapproval .
How much better to follow the counsel of Jesus Christ when he said : “ All things , therefore , that you want men to do to you , you also must do to them . ”
When you make a mistake , even a trivial one , no doubt you want others to treat you with compassion or even to overlook your mistake completely .
So why not strive to show the same kindness toward others ? ​ — Ephesians 4 : 32 .
Mistakes arise from “ faulty judgment , inadequate knowledge , or inattention , ” explains one dictionary .
We have to admit that at one time or another , every person displays one or more of those traits .
Nevertheless , mistakes will be fewer if we consider some fundamental principles in the Scriptures .
One such principle is found at Proverbs 18 : 13 , which reads : “ When anyone replies to a matter before he hears the facts , it is foolish and humiliating . ”
Yes , taking a few extra moments to hear things out and consider your response will surely help to prevent you from speaking rashly or reacting impulsively .
The knowledge gained by paying close attention is invaluable in averting faulty judgment ​ — and avoiding a mistake .
Another Bible principle says : “ If possible , as far as it depends on you , be peaceable with all men . ”
Do your best to promote a spirit of peace and cooperation .
When working with others , be considerate and respectful and endeavor to commend and encourage them .
In such an atmosphere , thoughtless words and actions can easily be forgiven or overlooked , and more serious offenses can be amiably resolved or remedied .
Learn to turn the mistake itself into a positive experience .
Rather than looking for some excuse for what you said or did , see this as an opportunity to develop positive qualities in yourself .
Do you perhaps need to show more patience , kindness , or self - control ?
What about mildness , peace , and love ?
At the very least , you can learn what not to do the next time .
Without being irresponsible , try not to take yourself too seriously .
A sense of humor can surely help to diffuse tension .
Having a proper view of mistakes will help us to cope constructively when they occur .
We will be more at peace with ourselves and others .
If we endeavor to learn from our mistakes , we will become wiser and more likable .
We will neither become overly downhearted nor think badly of ourselves .
Appreciating that others are also dealing with their mistakes will draw us closer to them .
Most important , we can benefit from learning to imitate God’s love and his willingness to forgive freely . ​ — Colossians 3 : 13 .
Did Margaret’s mistake , mentioned earlier , spoil the family occasion ?
Not at all .
Everyone saw the funny side of it , especially Margaret , and enjoyed the meal ​ — without the macaroni !
In later years , the two grandsons retold the story of that unforgettable family meal to their own children and recalled the fond memories they had of their grandparents .
After all , it was only a mistake !
Names have been changed .
Macaroni and cheese is a dish made chiefly of cooked macaroni pasta covered with a cheese sauce .
Why are there so many different versions or translations of the Bible today ?
Do you view new versions as a help or a hindrance to Bible understanding ?
Learning about their origins can help you to assess them wisely .
First , though , who originally wrote the Bible , and when ?
The Bible is normally divided into two sections .
The first section has 39 books containing “ sacred pronouncements of God . ”
God inspired faithful men to write these books over a long period of time ​ — about 1,100 years from 1513 B.C.E . to sometime after 443 B.C.E .
They wrote mostly in Hebrew , so we call this section the Hebrew Scriptures , also known as the Old Testament .
The second section has 27 books that are also “ the word of God . ”
God inspired faithful disciples of Jesus Christ to write these books over a much shorter time ​ — about 60 years from about 41 C.E . to 98 C.E .
They wrote mostly in Greek , so we call this section the Christian Greek Scriptures , also known as the New Testament .
Together these 66 inspired books make up the complete Bible ​ — God’s message for mankind .
But why were additional translations of the Bible made ?
Here are three of the basic reasons .
To allow people to read the Bible in their mother tongue .
To remove errors made by copyists and thus restore the Bible’s original text .
To update archaic language .
Consider how these factors were involved in two early translations .
About 300 years before Jesus ’ day , Jewish scholars began to translate the Hebrew Scriptures into another language ​ — Greek .
This translation became known as the Greek Septuagint .
Why was it made ?
To help the many Jews who by then spoke Greek rather than Hebrew to stay close to their “ holy writings . ” ​ — 2 Timothy 3 : 15 .
The Septuagint also helped millions of non - Jewish , Greek - speaking people to get to know what the Bible taught .
How ?
“ From the middle of the first century , ” says Professor W .
F . Howard , “ it became the Bible of the Christian Church , whose missionaries went from synagogue to synagogue ‘ proving from the scriptures that the Messiah was Jesus . ’ ”
That was one reason why many Jews soon “ lost interest in the Septuagint , ” according to Bible scholar F .
F .
Bruce .
As Jesus ’ disciples progressively received the books of the Christian Greek Scriptures , they put them together with the Septuagint translation of the Hebrew Scriptures , and that came to be the complete Bible that we have today .
About 300 years after the Bible was completed , religious scholar Jerome produced a Latin translation of the Bible , which eventually came to be the Latin Vulgate .
Latin translations in various forms already existed , so why was a new one needed ?
Jerome wanted to correct “ wrong renderings , obvious errors , and unwarranted additions and omissions , ” says The International Standard Bible Encyclopedia .
Jerome corrected many of those errors .
But in time , church authorities committed the greatest disservice of all !
They declared the Latin Vulgate to be the only approved translation of the Bible and continued to do so for centuries !
Instead of helping ordinary people to understand the Bible , the Vulgate made it a closed book because eventually most people knew no Latin at all .
In the meantime , people continued to make other translations of the Bible ​ — such as the famous Syriac Peshitta by about the fifth century C.E .
But it was not until the 14th century that renewed efforts were made to give many ordinary people the Scriptures in the vernacular .
In England in the late 14th century , John Wycliffe began the process of breaking free from the clutches of a dead language by producing the Bible in English , a language that people in his land could actually understand .
Soon after that , Johannes Gutenberg’s printing methods opened the way for Bible scholars to produce and distribute new versions of the Bible in many different living languages throughout Europe .
When English translations multiplied , critics questioned the need to make different versions in the same language .
The 18th - century English cleric John Lewis wrote : “ Language grows old and unintelligible , therefore it’s necessary to review old Translations to make them speak the Language in use , and be understood by the living generation . ”
Today , Bible scholars are in a better position than ever to review older translations .
They have a much clearer understanding of ancient Bible languages , and they have valuable ancient Bible manuscripts that have been found in recent times .
These help to establish more accurately the original text of the Bible .
So there is real value in new Bible versions .
Of course , there is need for caution regarding some of them .
* But if the revisers have been moved by a genuine love of God in making a new Bible version , their work can be of great benefit to us .
To read the Bible in your language online or on your mobile device , go to www.jw.org .
Look under PUBLICATIONS > BIBLE .
See the article “ How Can You Choose a Good Bible Translation ? ”
in the May 1 , 2008 , issue of this magazine .
The divine name in a Septuagint manuscript fragment from Jesus ’ day
The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures uses God’s sacred name Jehovah in the Hebrew Scriptures and the Christian Greek Scriptures .
Most modern English Bibles do not .
They use “ Lord ” instead .
One reason for doing this , some translators say , is that God’s personal name , represented by the Tetragrammaton ( YHWH ) , never appeared in the Greek Septuagint translation of the Hebrew Scriptures .
But is that true ?
In the mid - 20th century , some very old fragments of the Septuagint that existed in Jesus ’ day were found .
They contain God’s sacred name written in Hebrew characters .
It seems that later , copyists removed the divine name and substituted Kyʹri·os ​ — the Greek word for “ Lord ” — ​ in its place .
The New World Translation restores the divine name to its rightful places in the Scriptures .
A 2,000 - year - old Dead Sea Isaiah Scroll .
It matches closely what is in the Bible today
Bible copyists , of course , made mistakes .
But none of those mistakes corrupted the Bible .
“ No fundamental doctrine of the Christian faith rests on a disputed reading . ” ​ — Our Bible and the Ancient Manuscripts .
Jewish copyists made the fewest mistakes .
“ The Jewish scribes of the early Christian centuries copied and recopied the text of the Hebrew Bible with the utmost fidelity . ” ​ — Second Thoughts on the Dead Sea Scrolls .
For example , a scroll of Isaiah found among the Dead Sea Scrolls is 1,000 years older than the previously available texts .
How does it compare with the text we have today ?
“ Very occasionally , the odd word is added or subtracted . ” ​ — The Book .
A History of the Bible .
Mistakes ​ — such as transposed letters , words , or phrases — ​ made by less meticulous copyists are now easily identified and corrected .
“ There is no body of ancient literature in the world which enjoys such a wealth of good textual attestation as the New Testament . ” ​ — The Books and the Parchments .
“ Anxious believers can be enormously reassured by the almost exact similarity between even the earliest of the biblical papyri from Egypt and the text as it has survived during its descent through countless scriptoria and printing shops of Europe . ” ​ — The Book .
A History of the Bible .
So , has the Bible been corrupted ?
Emphatically , no !
OUR READERS ASK . . .
Millions of people around the world believe that the Christmas tradition is the birthday celebration of Jesus Christ .
However , have you ever considered whether first - century Christians , those closest to Jesus , celebrated Christmas ?
And are you aware of what the Bible has to say about birthdays ?
Finding answers to these questions can help us determine if Christmas is for Christians .
First , the Bible does not mention birthday celebrations for Jesus or any other faithful worshipper of God .
The Scriptures refer to only two individuals who celebrated their birthday .
Neither of them was a worshipper of Jehovah , the God of the Bible , and their birthday celebrations were cast in a negative light .
According to the Encyclopædia Britannica , the early Christians opposed the “ pagan custom of celebrating birthdays . ”
On what date was Jesus born ?
The Bible does not say exactly when Jesus was born .
“ The day of Christ’s birth cannot be ascertained from the N [ ew ] T [ estament ] or , indeed , from any other source , ” states McClintock and Strong’s Cyclopedia .
Surely , if Jesus wanted his followers to celebrate his birthday , he would have made certain that they knew the date of his birth .
Second , the Bible does not record that Jesus or any one of his disciples celebrated Christmas .
According to the New Catholic Encyclopedia , celebrating Christmas was first mentioned “ in the Chronograph of Philocalus , a Roman almanac whose source material can be dated to 336 [ C.E . ] . ”
Clearly , that was well after the completion of the Bible and centuries after Jesus was on earth .
Thus , McClintock and Strong note that “ the observance of Christmas is not of divine appointment , nor is it of N [ ew ] T [ estament ] origin . ”
*
What event did Jesus instruct his disciples to commemorate ?
As the Great Teacher , Jesus gave clear instructions on what he wanted his followers to do , and these are recorded in the Bible .
Celebrating Christmas , however , is not one of them .
Just as a schoolteacher does not want his students to go beyond the instructions given them , Jesus does not want his followers to “ go beyond the things that are written ” in the Holy Scriptures . ​ — 1 Corinthians 4 : 6 .
On the other hand , there is one important event the early Christians were very familiar with ​ — the commemoration , or Memorial , of Jesus ’ death .
Jesus personally told his disciples when to observe this occasion and showed them how to do it .
These specific instructions , as well as the calendar day of his death , are recorded in the Bible . ​ — Luke 22 : 19 ; 1 Corinthians 11 : 25 .
As we have seen , Christmas is a birthday celebration , and early Christians did not follow that pagan custom .
Furthermore , the Bible does not mention that Jesus or anyone else celebrated Christmas .
In light of these facts , millions of Christians the world over have concluded that Christmas is not for them .
For more information on the origins of most Christmas traditions , see the article “ Our Readers Ask . . .
What Are the Facts About Christmas ? ”
in The Watchtower of December 1 , 2014 , available online at www.jw.org .
An unnumbered “ great crowd ” of people from all nations will survive Armageddon
Some people believe . . .
that it will be a global destruction by nuclear weapons or environmental ruin .
What do you think ?
What the Bible says
Armageddon is the symbolic place of “ the war of the great day of God the Almighty , ” his war against the wicked . ​ — Revelation 16 : 14 , 16 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
God fights the war of Armageddon , not to ruin the earth , but to save it from ruin by humankind . ​ — Revelation 11 : 18 .
The war of Armageddon will end all wars . ​ — Psalm 46 : 8 , 9 .
What would you say ?
Yes
No
Maybe
What the Bible says
“ A great crowd ” of people from all nations will survive “ the great tribulation , ” which will end with the war of Armageddon . ​ — Revelation 7 : 9 , 14 .
What else can we learn from the Bible ?
God wants as many as possible to survive Armageddon .
He destroys the wicked only as a last resort . ​ — Ezekiel 18 : 32 .
The Bible explains how to survive Armageddon . ​ — Zephaniah 2 : 3 .
For more information , see chapter 8 of this book , What Does the Bible Really Teach ? , published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
Do Jehovah’s Witnesses Believe in Jesus ?
( Look under ABOUT US > FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS )
3 They Offered Themselves Willingly
7 “ Trust in Jehovah and Do What Is Good ”
This article discusses how our yeartext for 2017 encourages us to look to Jehovah for help when faced with challenges .
Using faithful examples from the past , we will examine how we can trust in Jehovah to support us while taking whatever action we can to solve problems and help others .
12 Treasure Your Gift of Free Will
In this article , we will learn how to treasure God’s gift of free will by using it in a way that pleases the Giver of that gift .
It will also help us to see how we can respect the way that others exercise their gift of free will .
17 Why Modesty Still Matters
22 You Can Remain Modest Under Test
These articles will help us to understand better the desirable quality of modesty .
The first article explains what modesty is and what it is not .
The second article teaches us how to remain modest even when we are under test .
27 “ These Things Entrust to Faithful Men ”
As one generation replaces another , younger ones take on the work of older ones .
This article discusses how both young and old can successfully make the transition .
32 Did You Know ?
AMONG the zealous Witnesses serving in lands where there is a greater need for more Kingdom preachers are numerous single sisters .
Some of them have been serving abroad for decades .
What helped them years ago to make the move to a foreign country ?
What have they learned from serving abroad ?
How have their lives turned out ?
We interviewed several of these experienced sisters .
If you are a single sister with a heartfelt desire to share in a ministry that is deeply satisfying , we are sure you will benefit from their comments .
Really , all of God’s people can benefit from considering their example .
Anita
Do you wonder if you really have what it takes to succeed as a single pioneer in a foreign country ?
Anita , now in her mid - 70 ’ s , had serious doubts about her abilities .
She grew up in England , where she began pioneering when she was 18 years old .
“ I liked teaching people about Jehovah , ” she says , “ but I never imagined that I could serve abroad .
I never studied a foreign language and was convinced that I could not master one .
So when I received an invitation to attend Gilead School , I was shocked .
I was amazed that someone as insignificant as I am would receive such an invitation .
But I thought , ‘ If Jehovah thinks I can do it , I will try . ’
That was over 50 years ago .
Ever since , I have been serving as a missionary in Japan . ”
Anita adds : “ At times , with a twinkle in my eyes , I tell younger sisters , ‘ Put on your backpack and join me in the greatest adventure of all time ! ’
I’m happy to say , many have . ”
Many sisters who have served abroad were initially hesitant about moving to a foreign land .
How did they muster up the needed courage ?
Maureen
“ Growing up , I longed for a purposeful life , one that would help others , ” relates Maureen , now in her mid - 60 ’ s .
When she turned 20 years of age , she moved to Quebec , Canada , where there was a great need for more pioneers .
“ Later , I received an invitation to attend Gilead School , but I feared going into the unknown without my friends . ”
She adds : “ I also worried about leaving my mother who had to care for my ailing father .
I spent many nights tearfully entreating Jehovah about these matters .
When I spoke with my parents about my concerns , they urged me to accept the invitation .
I also saw the loving support the local congregation gave to my parents .
Observing Jehovah’s caring hand helped me to trust that he would also look after me .
At that point , I was ready to go ! ”
Starting in 1979 , Maureen served for over 30 years as a missionary in West Africa .
Today , while caring for her mother in Canada , Maureen still serves as a special pioneer .
Looking back on her years of serving abroad , she states : “ Jehovah always provided what I needed and when I needed it . ”
Wendy
Wendy , now in her mid - 60 ’ s , began pioneering in Australia as a teenager .
She recalls : “ I was very timid and found it difficult to talk to strangers .
But pioneering taught me to converse with all sorts of people , so my confidence grew .
Later , I realized that confidence was no longer an issue .
Pioneering was teaching me to lean on Jehovah , and I began to feel more comfortable with the idea of serving overseas .
Also , I was invited by a single sister who had served as a missionary in Japan for over 30 years to go on a witnessing trip to Japan for three months .
Working alongside her fueled my desire to move abroad . ”
In the mid - 1980 ’ s , Wendy moved to Vanuatu , an island nation about 1,100 miles ( 1,770 km ) east of Australia .
Wendy is still in Vanuatu , now serving in a remote translation office .
“ Seeing how groups and congregations are being formed in remote regions is my greatest joy , ” she says .
“ To have had a small part in Jehovah’s work on these islands is a privilege beyond words . ”
Kumiko ( center )
Kumiko , now in her mid - 60 ’ s , was serving as a regular pioneer in Japan when her pioneer partner suggested that they move to Nepal .
“ She kept asking me over and over again , but I kept saying no , ” says Kumiko .
“ I worried about having to learn a new language and having to adjust to a new environment .
There was also the problem of getting the funds needed to move to a foreign land .
While I was wrestling with these concerns , I had a motorcycle accident and ended up in the hospital .
There , I thought : ‘ Who knows what might happen to me next ?
I might come down with a serious illness and miss my chance to pioneer overseas .
Can I not serve abroad for at least one year ? ’
I fervently prayed to Jehovah to help me to act . ”
After being released from the hospital , Kumiko visited Nepal , and later she and her pioneer partner moved there .
Looking back on her nearly ten years of service in Nepal , Kumiko says : “ The problems I had worried about parted before me like the Red Sea .
I’m so glad I took up serving where the need is greater .
Often , when I share the Bible’s message in the home of a family , five or six neighbors come over to listen .
Even small children respectfully ask me to give them a tract about the Bible .
It is such a joy to preach in this responsive territory . ”
Not surprisingly , the courageous single sisters we interviewed faced challenges .
How did they handle them ?
Diane
“ At first , I found it difficult to be so far away from my family , ” says Diane , from Canada .
Now in her early 60 ’ s , she served as a missionary in Ivory Coast ( now Côte d’Ivoire ) for 20 years .
“ I asked Jehovah to help me love the people in my assignment .
One of my instructors at Gilead , Brother Jack Redford , explained to us that at first we might be disturbed , even shocked , by the conditions in our assignment , especially when coming face - to - face with severe poverty .
But he said : ‘ Don’t look at the poverty .
Look at the people , at their faces and their eyes .
Watch their reaction when they hear Bible truths . ’
That’s what I did , and what a blessing it was !
When sharing the comforting Kingdom message , I would see the people’s eyes light up ! ”
What further helped Diane to adjust to serving abroad ?
“ I drew close to my Bible students and felt the deep joy of seeing them become faithful servants of Jehovah .
My assignment became my home .
I gained spiritual mothers and fathers , brothers and sisters , just as Jesus promised . ” ​ — Mark 10 : 29 , 30 .
Anne , now in her mid - 40 ’ s , serves in Asia in a land where our work is restricted .
She relates : “ Over the years while serving in different locations abroad , I lived with sisters who had backgrounds and personalities that were very different from mine .
At times , that contributed to misunderstandings and hurt feelings .
When that happened , I tried to get closer to my housemates , to understand their culture better .
I also worked harder on being more loving and reasonable toward them .
I am glad those efforts bore fruit and have resulted in many deep and lasting friendships that help me to endure in my assignment . ”
Ute
In 1993 , Ute , from Germany , now in her early 50 ’ s , was assigned to serve as a missionary in Madagascar .
She relates : “ At first , I struggled to learn the local language , to adjust to the humid climate , and to cope with malaria , amoebas , and parasitic worms .
But I received a lot of help .
The local sisters , their children , and my Bible students patiently helped me to master the language .
My missionary partner lovingly cared for me when I was sick .
But most of all , Jehovah helped me .
I regularly poured out my anxieties to him in prayer .
Then I patiently waited ​ — sometimes for days , sometimes for months — ​ for my prayers to be answered .
Jehovah solved every problem . ”
Ute has now been serving in Madagascar for 23 years .
Like other need - greaters , single sisters living in foreign lands often express that serving abroad enriched their lives .
What are some of the blessings they received ?
Heidi
Heidi , from Germany , now in her early 70 ’ s , has been serving as a missionary in Ivory Coast ( now Côte d’Ivoire ) since 1968 .
“ The greatest joy I have received , ” she states , “ is to see my spiritual children ‘ go on walking in the truth . ’
Some of my former Bible students are now pioneers and congregation elders .
Many of them call me Mama or Grandma .
One of these elders and his wife and children view me as family .
So Jehovah has given me a son , a daughter - in - law , and three grandchildren . ” ​ — 3 John 4 .
Karen ( center )
Karen from Canada , now in her early 70 ’ s , served over 20 years in West Africa .
She says : “ Missionary life taught me to be more self - sacrificing , loving , and patient .
Also , having fellow workers of many nationalities broadened my viewpoint .
I learned that there are different ways of doing things .
And what a blessing it is now to have dear friends all over the world !
Though our lives and assignments have changed , our friendships remain . ”
Margaret , from England , now in her late 70 ’ s , served as a missionary in Laos .
She relates : “ Serving abroad allowed me to see firsthand how Jehovah draws people from all races and backgrounds into his organization .
That experience greatly strengthened my faith .
It gives me complete confidence that Jehovah is directing his organization and that his purposes will be accomplished . ”
Indeed , single sisters serving abroad have established an outstanding record of Christian service .
They deserve to be warmly commended .
What is more , their numbers are growing .
Are you able to adjust your circumstances and follow in the footsteps of the zealous sisters interviewed for this article ?
If you are , you will no doubt “ taste and see that Jehovah is good . ” ​ — Ps . 34 : 8 .
“ Visit a country where the need for Kingdom preachers is greater to get a taste of what life there is like .
If that is not possible right now , then begin associating in your own country with publishers from another ethnic group .
Learn their language , explore their culture .
Above all , rely on Jehovah .
There were many things I thought I could never do , but with Jehovah’s help I did them successfully . ” ​ — Karen
Margaret , circa 1968
“ Talk with experienced missionaries and pioneers .
Count the cost .
Pray for guidance .
And recognize that the same fundamental principles of preaching apply all over the world .
You can be sure that serving abroad leads to a happy life . ” ​ — Margaret
“ Trust in Jehovah and do what is good . . . and act with faithfulness . ” ​ — PS .
37 : 3 .
SONGS : 150 , 124
Noah ?
David ?
other faithful servants of Jehovah ?
Jehovah created humans with what remarkable abilities ?
JEHOVAH created humans with remarkable abilities .
He gave us thinking ability to solve problems and plan for the future .
He gave us power to carry out our plans , enabling us to work toward proper goals .
He also created us with a conscience ​ — an inborn sense of right and wrong — ​ that can help us avoid wrongdoing and correct our mistakes when we fall short . ​ — Rom . 2 : 15 .
How does Jehovah expect us to use our abilities ?
Jehovah expects us to put our abilities to good use .
Why ?
Because he loves us , and he knows that it brings us satisfaction when we employ these gifts .
Through his Word , Jehovah repeatedly admonishes us to use our abilities for good .
For example , in the Hebrew Scriptures , we read : “ The plans of the diligent surely lead to success ” ; and “ whatever your hand finds to do , do with all your might . ”
In the Christian Greek Scriptures , we are told : “ As long as we have the opportunity , let us work what is good toward all ” ; and “ to the extent that each one has received a gift , use it in ministering to one another . ”
Clearly , Jehovah wants us to do what we can to benefit ourselves and others .
What limitations do humans have ?
At the same time , Jehovah knows that humans have limitations .
On our own , we can never eliminate imperfection , sin , and death ; neither can we control other people , for all have free will .
And no matter how much knowledge or experience we gain , we will always be like children in comparison with Jehovah . ​ — Isa .
55 : 9 .
When dealing with problems , “ trust in Jehovah and do what is good ”
What will we consider in this article ?
In all circumstances , we need to lean on Jehovah for guidance , trusting in him to support us and do for us what we cannot do for ourselves .
At the same time , we should do what we can , taking appropriate action to solve problems and help others .
( Read Psalm 37 : 3 . )
In short , we need both ‘ to trust in Jehovah and to do what is good ’ ; we need ‘ to act with faithfulness . ’
In this regard , let us consider what we can learn from the examples of Noah , David , and other faithful servants of God who relied on Jehovah and took appropriate action .
As we will see , this involved distinguishing between what they could not do and what they could do and then acting accordingly .
Describe the situation that Noah faced .
Noah lived in a world that was “ filled with violence ” and immorality .
He knew that Jehovah would eventually bring an end to that wicked world .
Even so , Noah must have been distressed by such ungodly conditions .
In that situation , Noah recognized that there were some things he could not do but other things he could do .
Opposition to our preaching ( See paragraphs 6 - 9 )
6 , 7 . ( a ) What could Noah not do ?
( b ) How are we in a situation similar to Noah’s ?
What Noah could not do : Although Noah faithfully preached Jehovah’s warning message , he could not force wicked people around him to accept that message , nor could he make the Flood come any sooner .
Noah had to trust that Jehovah would keep His promise to end wickedness , believing that God would do so at just the right time . ​ — Gen .
6 : 17 .
We too live in a world filled with wickedness , which we know Jehovah has promised to destroy .
In the meantime , we cannot force people to accept the “ good news of the Kingdom . ”
And we cannot do anything to speed up the start of the “ great tribulation . ”
Like Noah , we need strong faith , trusting that God will soon intervene .
We are convinced that Jehovah will not allow this wicked world to continue for even one day longer than his purpose requires . ​ — Hab .
2 : 3 .
How did Noah focus on what he could do ?
( See opening picture . )
What Noah could do : Instead of giving up because of what he could not do , Noah focused on what he could do .
As “ a preacher of righteousness , ” Noah faithfully proclaimed the warning message he had been given .
No doubt , doing so helped Noah keep his faith strong .
In addition to preaching , he also used his physical and mental abilities to accomplish the God - assigned work of building an ark . ​ — Read Hebrews 11 : 7 .
How can we imitate Noah’s example ?
Like Noah , we strive to have “ plenty to do in the work of the Lord . ”
Such work may include the construction and maintenance of facilities for worship , volunteering to assist at assemblies and conventions , or caring for assignments at a branch office or a remote translation office .
Above all , we stay busy in the preaching work , knowing that this work strengthens our hope for the future .
One faithful sister put it this way : “ When you talk to others about the blessings of God’s Kingdom , you realize that your listeners have absolutely no hope and that they see their problems as permanent . ”
Indeed , sharing in the preaching work fortifies our positive view of the future and our resolve not to give up in the race for life . ​ — 1 Cor .
9 : 24 .
Describe the situation that David faced .
Jehovah described King David as “ a man agreeable to [ his ] heart . ”
Overall , David’s life course was one of faithfulness .
Even so , on occasion he fell into serious sin .
He committed adultery with Bath - sheba .
To make matters worse , he tried to hide the sin by arranging for her husband , Uriah , to be killed in battle .
David even sent what amounted to Uriah’s death sentence by means of the man’s own hand !
Inevitably , David’s sins came to light .
When that happened , how did David react ?
Past sins ( See paragraphs 11 - 14 )
11 , 12 . ( a ) After he sinned , what could David not do ?
( b ) If we repent after making serious mistakes , we can trust that Jehovah will do what for us ?
What David could not do : David could not undo what he had done .
And he could not escape the consequences of his mistakes .
In fact , some of those consequences would stay with David for the rest of his life .
Thus , he needed faith .
He had to trust that when he truly repented , Jehovah would forgive him and help him endure the consequences of his actions .
Being imperfect , all of us sin .
Some mistakes are more serious than others .
In some cases , we may not be able to undo our mistakes .
We may simply have to live with the consequences .
But we take God at his word , trusting that if we are repentant , Jehovah will support us through difficult times ​ — even when those difficulties are of our own making . ​ — Read Isaiah 1 : 18 , 19 ; Acts 3 : 19 .
How did David recover spiritually ?
What David could do : David allowed Jehovah to help him recover spiritually .
One way he did that was by accepting correction from Jehovah’s representative , the prophet Nathan .
David also prayed to Jehovah , confessing his sins and expressing a sincere desire to be restored to Jehovah’s favor .
Instead of being paralyzed by guilt , David learned from his mistakes .
Indeed , he never repeated those serious sins .
Years later , he died faithful , his record of integrity firmly sealed in Jehovah’s memory . ​ — Heb .
11 : 32 - 34 .
What can we learn from David’s example ?
What can we learn from David’s example ?
If we fall into serious sin , we need to repent sincerely and seek Jehovah’s forgiveness .
We must confess our sins to him .
We also need to approach the elders , who can offer us spiritual help .
( Read James 5 : 14 - 16 . )
By availing ourselves of Jehovah’s arrangements , we show that we trust in his promise to heal and forgive us .
Thereafter , we do well to learn from our mistakes , move forward in our service to Jehovah , and look to the future with confidence . ​ — Heb .
12 : 12 , 13 .
Health problems ( See paragraph 15 )
What do we learn from Hannah’s example ?
Likely , you can think of other faithful servants of old who trusted in Jehovah while taking appropriate action .
For example , Hannah could not overcome the problem of barrenness on her own .
But she trusted that Jehovah would comfort her , so she continued to worship at the tabernacle and pour out her heart in prayer .
Is that not a good example for us ?
When we deal with health problems or other challenges beyond our control , we throw our anxiety on Jehovah , trusting that he cares for us .
And we do what is within our power to benefit from Christian meetings and other spiritual provisions . ​ — Heb .
10 : 24 , 25 .
Wayward children ( See paragraph 16 )
What can parents learn from elderly Samuel ?
What about faithful parents whose children have gone astray ?
Elderly Samuel could not force his adult sons to remain loyal to the righteous standards he taught them .
He had to leave the matter in Jehovah’s hands .
Even so , Samuel could maintain his own integrity and please his heavenly Father , Jehovah .
Today , a number of Christian parents find themselves in a similar situation .
They trust that like the father in the parable of the prodigal son , Jehovah is ever on the lookout to welcome back sinners who repent .
At the same time , such parents work hard to remain loyal to Jehovah , hoping that their example will move their children to return to the fold .
Low finances ( See paragraph 17 )
Why is the example of the needy widow encouraging ?
Think , too , of the needy widow in Jesus ’ day .
( Read Luke 21 : 1 - 4 . )
She could hardly do anything about the corrupt practices being carried on at the temple .
And there was likely little she could do to improve her financial situation .
Yet , she voluntarily contributed those “ two small coins , ” which were “ all the means of living she had . ”
That faithful woman demonstrated wholehearted trust in Jehovah , knowing that if she put spiritual things first , he would provide for her physical needs .
The widow’s trust moved her to support the existing arrangement for true worship .
Likewise , we trust that if we seek first the Kingdom , Jehovah will make sure that we have what we need . ​ — Matt .
6 : 33 .
Give an example of a modern - day servant who had the right outlook .
Many of our modern - day fellow believers have similarly demonstrated trust in Jehovah and have taken appropriate action .
Consider a brother named Malcolm , who remained faithful until his death in 2015 .
Over the decades that he and his wife served Jehovah , they experienced ups and downs .
“ Life is unpredictable at times , uncertain , and even hard to deal with , ” he said .
“ But Jehovah blesses those who lean on him . ”
Malcolm’s advice ?
“ Pray to be as productive and as active in Jehovah’s service as you can be .
Focus on what you can do , not on what you cannot do . ”
*
( a ) Why is our yeartext for 2017 fitting ?
( b ) How will you apply the 2017 yeartext in your life ?
As this system of things goes “ from bad to worse , ” we can expect to face increasingly greater difficulties .
So it is more important than ever that we do not allow ourselves to be paralyzed by such challenges .
Rather , we need to cultivate strong trust in Jehovah while taking whatever appropriate action we can .
How fitting , then , is our yeartext for 2017 : “ Trust in Jehovah and do what is good ” ! ​ — Ps . 37 : 3 .
Our yeartext for 2017 : “ Trust in Jehovah and do what is good . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 3
See The Watchtower , October 15 , 2013 , pp . 17 - 20 .
“ Where the spirit of Jehovah is , there is freedom . ” ​ — 2 COR .
3 : 17 .
SONGS : 40 , 54
What is free will ?
How can the way we use our freedom of choice reveal the depth of our love for Jehovah ?
How can we show respect for the decisions of others ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What different views do people have regarding the matter of free will ?
( b ) What does the Bible teach us about our freedom of choice , and what questions will we consider ?
WHEN faced with making a personal choice , one woman told a friend : “ Do not make me think ; just tell me what to do .
That is easier . ”
The woman preferred being told what to do instead of using a precious gift from her Creator , the gift of free will .
What about you ?
Do you like making your own decisions , or do you prefer that others decide for you ?
How do you view the matter of free will ?
People have debated this subject for centuries .
Some claim that there is no such thing as free will ​ — that all our actions are predetermined by God .
Others argue that true free will is only possible if we have absolute freedom .
However , to understand this matter properly , we must turn to God’s Word , the Bible .
Why ?
It reveals that Jehovah created us with free will ; that is , the capacity and freedom to make our own intelligent choices .
( Read Joshua 24 : 15 . )
The Bible also answers such questions as : How should our freedom to make decisions be exercised ?
Does it have limitations ?
How does the way we use our freedom of choice reveal the depth of our love for Jehovah ?
How can we show respect for the decisions of others ?
What example does Jehovah set in the use of his freedom ?
Jehovah alone has absolute freedom , but the way he uses it sets a pattern for us .
For example , he chose to select the nation of Israel as his name people , “ his special property . ”
This was not an arbitrary choice .
Jehovah was being true to a promise that he had made centuries earlier to his friend Abraham .
Furthermore , Jehovah always exercises his freedom in harmony with his attributes of love and justice .
This is evident in the way he disciplined the Israelites , who repeatedly abandoned true worship .
When they expressed heartfelt repentance , Jehovah willingly extended love and mercy , saying : “ I will heal their unfaithfulness .
I will love them of my own free will . ”
What a fine example of using his freedom for the benefit of others !
4 , 5 . ( a ) Who was the first to receive God’s gift of free will , and how did he use it ?
( b ) What question must each of us ask ?
When Jehovah began his creative works , he lovingly chose to bestow free will on his intelligent creatures .
The first one to receive this gift was his firstborn Son , “ the image of the invisible God . ”
Even before coming to earth , Jesus chose to remain loyal to his Father and not join Satan in his rebellion .
Later , when Jesus was on earth , he exercised his free will to reject the temptations of the great Adversary .
In earnest prayer the night before his death , Jesus reaffirmed his determination to do the will of God .
He said : “ Father , if you want to , remove this cup from me . Nevertheless , let , not my will , but yours take place . ”
May we imitate Jesus and use our free will to honor Jehovah and to do his will !
Is that really possible ?
Yes , we can imitate the example of Jesus , for we too are made in God’s image and likeness .
However , we have limitations .
We do not have the absolute freedom that Jehovah has .
God’s Word explains that our freedom has boundaries and that we must observe the limits Jehovah appropriately places on us .
What is more , wives are to be in subjection to their husbands and children to their parents .
How do these limitations affect the way we use our free will ?
The answer to that question can determine our everlasting future .
Illustrate why it is proper for our freedom to have limitations .
Is having free will with limits real freedom ?
Yes , it is !
Why can we say that ?
Limitations put on people’s freedom can protect them .
For example , we may exercise our freedom of choice to drive to a distant city .
However , would we feel safe traveling on highways where there were no traffic laws , where everyone was free to decide how fast or on which side of the road to drive ?
Obviously not .
Limits are necessary in order for all to enjoy the blessings of true freedom .
To illustrate further the wisdom of using our free will within the boundaries set by Jehovah , let us consider some Bible examples .
( a ) How did the gift of free will distinguish Adam from other forms of life in Eden ?
( b ) Describe one way that Adam exercised his free will .
When creating the first human , Adam , God gave him the same gift he had given his intelligent creatures in heaven , the gift of free will .
This set Adam apart from the animals , since they live according to instinct .
Consider an example of how Adam used his free will in an appropriate way .
Animals were created before man .
However , Jehovah reserved the joy of naming those creatures for his first human son .
God “ began bringing them to the man to see what he would call each one . ”
After Adam observed each animal and assigned it a suitable name , Jehovah did not step in and override Adam’s choices .
Rather , “ whatever the man would call each living creature , that became its name . ” ​ — Gen .
2 : 19 .
How did Adam misuse his free will , and with what result ?
Regrettably , Adam was not content with his God - given assignment as cultivator and caretaker of the earthly paradise .
He was not satisfied with his extensive freedom to carry out his God - given mandate : “ Be fruitful and become many , fill the earth and subdue it , and have in subjection the fish . . . , the flying creatures . . . , and every living creature that is moving on the earth . ”
Instead , he chose to overstep his God - ordained boundaries by eating the forbidden fruit .
This gross misuse of free will resulted in millenniums of suffering and pain for Adam’s descendants .
Knowing the consequences of Adam’s decision should move us to use our freedom responsibly and within the limits set by Jehovah .
What choice did Jehovah give his people , Israel , and how did the nation respond ?
The descendants of Adam and Eve inherited imperfection and death from their disobedient parents .
However , they retained the right to exercise the gift of free will .
This is evident in the way God dealt with the nation of Israel .
Through his servant Moses , Jehovah gave the people the choice to accept or reject the privilege of becoming His special property .
What was their response ?
They freely chose to carry out the conditions of becoming God’s name people and unanimously declared : “ All that Jehovah has spoken , we are willing to do . ”
Sadly , in time the nation misused its freedom of choice and broke that promise .
Let us heed this warning example and always treasure our gift of free will by continuing to stick close to Jehovah and obeying his righteous requirements . ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 11 .
What examples prove that it is possible for imperfect humans to use their free will in a way that honors God ?
( See opening picture . )
In Hebrews chapter 11 , we find the names of 16 servants of God who chose to use their free will within the limits set by Jehovah .
As a result , they reaped rich blessings and a sure hope for the future .
For example , Noah showed great faith and chose to obey God’s instructions to build an ark for the preservation of his own family and future generations of humankind .
Abraham and Sarah willingly followed God’s leadings to a land of promise .
Even after they embarked on this long journey , they had the “ opportunity to return ” to the prosperous city of Ur .
However , they kept their eyes of faith focused on the future “ fulfillment of [ God’s ] promises ” ; they were “ reaching out for a better place . ”
Moses turned his back on the treasures of Egypt , “ choosing to be mistreated with the people of God rather than to have the temporary enjoyment of sin . ”
May we imitate the faith of such ancient ones by treasuring our gift of free will and using it to do God’s will .
( a ) What is one of the great blessings of free will ?
( b ) What motivates you to use your free will properly ?
While it might seem easier to have someone else make decisions for us , doing so would rob us of one of the great blessings of free will .
That blessing is revealed at Deuteronomy 30 : 19 , 20 .
( Read . )
Verse 19 describes the choice that God gave to the Israelites .
In verse 20 we learn that Jehovah gave them the precious opportunity to show him what was in their hearts .
We too can choose to worship Jehovah .
We could have no greater motive than to use God’s gift of free will to express our love for him and to bring him honor and glory !
What must we never do with our gift of free will ?
Imagine that you gave a valuable gift to a friend .
How disappointed you would be if you learned that he had thrown your gift in the trash or , worse yet , that he had used it to injure someone !
Now think of how Jehovah must feel as he watches so many people misuse their freedom to make choices in life even to the harm of others .
Indeed , just as the Bible foretold , during “ the last days ” men would be “ unthankful . ”
May we never misuse this precious gift from Jehovah or take it for granted .
How , though , can we avoid misusing our gift of free will ?
What is one way we can avoid misusing our Christian freedom ?
All of us have freedom of choice regarding associations , styles of dress and grooming , and entertainment .
However , our freedom could become “ a cover for doing wrong ” if we chose to become slaves of our own fleshly desires or if we adopted the disgraceful fads and trends of the world .
( Read 1 Peter 2 : 16 . )
Instead of using our freedom “ as an opportunity to pursue fleshly desires , ” we want to be determined to make choices that help us to heed the admonition : “ Do all things for God’s glory . ” ​ — Gal .
5 : 13 ; 1 Cor .
10 : 31 .
What does trusting in Jehovah have to do with our use of free will ?
Another way to guard our gift of free will is to put our trust in Jehovah and let him guide us within the protective boundaries that he has set for us .
He alone is ‘ the One teaching us to benefit ourselves , the One guiding us in the way we should walk . ’
We must humbly acknowledge the truthfulness of the inspired words : “ Man’s way does not belong to him . It does not belong to man who is walking even to direct his step . ”
May we never fall into the trap of choosing to rely on our own understanding , as did Adam and the rebellious Israelites .
Instead , may we “ trust in Jehovah with all [ our ] heart . ” ​ — Prov . 3 : 5 .
What do we learn from the principle found at Galatians 6 : 5 ?
One of the limitations on our freedom is that we must respect the right that others have to make their own decisions in life .
Why ?
Since we all have the gift of free will , no two Christians will always make exactly the same decision .
This is true even in matters that involve our conduct and worship .
Remember the principle found at Galatians 6 : 5 .
( Read . )
When we recognize that each Christian must “ carry his own load , ” we will respect the right that others have to use their own gift of free will .
We can make personal decisions without imposing our conscience on others ( See paragraph 15 )
16 , 17 . ( a ) How did freedom of choice become an issue in Corinth ?
( b ) How did Paul resolve matters , and what does this teach us about the rights of others ?
Consider a Bible example that illustrates why we must respect our brothers ’ freedom to make their own decisions in matters of conscience .
Christians in Corinth became divided over the matter of eating meat that may have been offered to idols but was thereafter sold in a meat market .
Some reasoned : ‘ Since an idol is nothing , the meat can be eaten in good conscience . ’
However , others who formerly worshipped those idols felt that eating the meat would be an act of worship .
This was a sensitive issue , one that threatened to cause divisions in the congregation .
How did Paul help the Christians in Corinth to gain God’s view of the matter ?
First , Paul reminded both sides that food would not bring them nearer to God .
Next , he warned them not to allow their “ right to choose ” to become “ a stumbling block to those who [ were ] weak . ”
Later , he instructed those with a more sensitive conscience not to judge those who chose to eat such meat .
Hence , in this important matter related to worship , each Christian needed to make a conscientious decision .
Therefore , should we not also respect our brother’s right to make personal decisions in matters of lesser importance ? ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 32 , 33 .
How will you show that you treasure your gift of free will ?
Jehovah has given us the gift of free will and with it true freedom .
We treasure this gift because it allows us to make decisions that reveal to Jehovah how much we love him .
May we continue to show our appreciation for this precious gift by using it in a way that honors God and by respecting the way that others choose to use their gift .
THE Biblical account found at Genesis 22 : 6 states that , in order to prepare to offer a sacrifice at a distant location , Abraham “ took the wood for the burnt offering and put it on his son Isaac .
Then he took in his hands the fire and the knife , and the two of them walked on together . ”
No mention is made in the Scriptures of the method used to light fires in ancient times .
Regarding the account in question , at least one commentator believes that a flame could “ scarcely have been kept going throughout the long journey ” that Abraham and Isaac made .
Thus , it may be that what is referred to is the equipment needed for producing fire .
Others point out , however , that it was not a simple thing to kindle a fire in ancient times .
People would have found it easier , where possible , to get a hot ember from their neighbors rather than try to start a fire on their own .
A number of scholars thus believe that what Abraham carried was a vessel ​ — perhaps a pot suspended from a chain — ​ that contained live coals or charcoal embers raked from the preceding night’s fire .
Glowing embers transported in such a way could readily be used with tinder wood to rekindle a fire at any point along a journey .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Publishers in the south of Chile follow a river that winds through lush forests and snowcapped peaks of the Andes Mountains .
They participate in a preaching campaign to reach as many remote homes as possible while the weather is favorable .
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ Wisdom is with the modest ones . ” ​ — PROV .
11 : 2 .
SONGS : 33 , 88
Why is modesty important ?
How is modesty related to humility ?
How can we flourish in our assigned place ?
1 , 2 .
Why was a once modest man rejected by God ?
( See opening picture . )
KING SAUL of ancient Israel began his reign as a modest and respected man .
But soon after he became king , he carried out a series of presumptuous acts .
When God’s prophet Samuel did not show up in Gilgal at the appointed time , Saul became impatient .
The Philistines were preparing for battle , and the Israelites were deserting Saul .
He must have thought , ‘ I have to do something ​ — and quickly . ’
So he offered up a sacrifice to God , which he was not authorized to do .
Jehovah was not pleased . ​ — 1 Sam .
13 : 5 - 9 .
When Samuel arrived in Gilgal , he rebuked Saul .
Instead of accepting the correction , Saul made excuses , tried to shift the blame , and minimized what he had done .
That started a terrible chain of events that eventually cost Saul his kingship and , more important , Jehovah’s approval .
Despite a promising beginning , Saul’s life ended in complete disaster . ​ — 1 Sam .
31 : 1 - 6 .
( a ) What do many people think about modesty ?
( b ) What questions need to be answered ?
In today’s competitive world , many feel that they have to stand out from the crowd in order to get ahead .
In doing so , they may sacrifice all modesty .
For example , a well - known movie star , turned politician , once said : “ Modesty is not a word that applies to me in any way ​ — I hope it never will . ”
Why , though , does modesty still matter ?
What is modesty , and what is it not ?
And how can we remain modest despite challenging situations or pressure from others ?
In this article , we will answer the first two questions .
The third question will be addressed in the following article .
How would you define a presumptuous act ?
The Bible contrasts modesty with presumptuousness .
( Read Proverbs 11 : 2 . )
Wisely , David asked Jehovah to “ hold [ him ] back from presumptuous acts . ”
What are “ presumptuous acts ” ?
By definition , when someone rashly or impertinently does something that he is not authorized to do , he is acting presumptuously .
Because of inherited sin , we all act presumptuously at times .
But as King Saul’s example illustrates , if we develop a pattern of pushing ahead , sooner or later we will find ourselves in serious trouble with God .
Psalm 119 : 21 says of Jehovah : “ You rebuke the presumptuous . ”
Why is that ?
Why are presumptuous acts serious ?
Presumptuous acts are more serious than innocent mistakes .
First , when we act immodestly , we fail to honor Jehovah as our rightful Sovereign .
Second , if we act beyond the scope of our authority , we are likely to get into conflict with others .
And third , when it becomes clear that we have acted presumptuously , we may be embarrassed or even humiliated .
Presumptuous acts do not turn out well .
As the Scriptures show , modesty is always the right course .
6 , 7 .
What is humility , and how is modesty related to it ?
Modesty and humility are closely linked traits .
In the Bible , humility refers to being free from pride or arrogance . It is described as “ lowliness of mind . ”
A humble person is generally also a modest person , able to estimate accurately his own abilities and achievements , to acknowledge his mistakes , and to accept suggestions and new ideas .
Humility greatly pleases Jehovah .
In the Bible , modesty similarly refers to having a proper estimate of ourselves and an awareness of our limitations .
In the original language of the text , the emphasis seems to be on how that awareness should affect our behavior toward others .
What are some warning signs of immodest thinking or behavior ?
When might we start to think or act immodestly ?
Consider a few of the warning signs .
We might be taking ourselves or our privileges too seriously .
We might be drawing attention to ourselves in inappropriate ways .
Or we might be advocating strong opinions solely on the basis of our position , connections , or personal thinking .
Often , when we act like this , we may not even be aware that we have crossed the line from modesty to presumptuousness .
What has led some to become presumptuous ?
Give a Bible example .
Anyone can act immodestly if he allows himself temporarily to be overcome by fleshly desires .
Selfish ambition , envy , and uncontrolled anger have led many to presumptuous acts .
Bible characters like Absalom , Uzziah , and Nebuchadnezzar succumbed to such works of the flesh and were humbled by Jehovah for their presumptuousness . ​ — 2 Sam .
15 : 1 - 6 ; 18 : 9 - 17 ; 2 Chron . 26 : 16 - 21 ; Dan .
5 : 18 - 21 .
Why should we avoid judging other people’s motives ?
Give a Bible example .
There are other reasons , though , why someone may act immodestly .
Consider , for example , the following Bible accounts : Genesis 20 : 2 - 7 and Matthew 26 : 31 - 35 .
Were the seemingly presumptuous actions of Abimelech and Peter motivated by sinful desires ?
Or were these individuals simply unaware of all the facts , or were they caught off guard ?
Since we cannot read hearts , it is both wise and loving to avoid jumping to conclusions about other people’s motives . ​ — Read James 4 : 12 .
How is modesty related to acknowledging our place in God’s arrangement ?
Modesty really starts with acknowledging our place in God’s arrangement .
As a God of order , Jehovah gives each one of us a place or sphere of operation in his household .
Everyone’s role in the congregation is unique , but all of us are needed .
In his undeserved kindness , Jehovah has given each of us certain gifts , assets , abilities , or talents .
We can use them to glorify him and to benefit others .
Jehovah has entrusted us with a stewardship that comes with honor , trust , and responsibility . ​ — Read 1 Peter 4 : 10 .
What can we learn from Jesus ’ example when we receive a change of assignment ?
( See paragraphs 12 - 14 )
12 , 13 .
Why should we not be surprised if our place in God’s arrangement changes from time to time ?
Our place in God’s arrangement is not fixed , however .
It can change over time .
Consider Jesus ’ example .
Initially , he was alone with Jehovah .
Then he helped make other spirit creatures , the material universe , and finally , humans .
Still later , Jesus took on a new role on earth , first as a helpless baby and then as an adult .
After his sacrificial death , Jesus returned to heavenly spirit life to become the King of God’s Kingdom in 1914 .
And that will not be his last change of assignment .
After his Thousand Year Reign , Jesus will hand over his Kingdom to Jehovah so that “ God may be all things to everyone . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 28 .
We can likewise expect our assignments to change from time to time , often because of decisions we make .
For example , were you single , but then you got married ?
Have you begun raising children ?
In your later years , have you simplified your life to take up the full - time ministry ?
Each of those decisions came with certain privileges and responsibilities .
Our changing circumstances can expand or limit our sphere of operation .
Are you young or up in years ?
Is your health good or fragile ?
Jehovah always considers how each of us might best be used in his service .
He only expects from us what is reasonable , and he greatly appreciates whatever we do . ​ — Heb .
6 : 10 .
How can a modest outlook help us to find fulfillment and keep our joy in any situation ?
Jesus found joy in every one of his assignments , and we can find joy in ours .
A modest person does not feel cramped by his current assignments or responsibilities in the congregation .
He does not worry about gaining future privileges or about what others are achieving .
Instead , he focuses his energies on finding purpose and enjoyment in his present role because he views it as coming from Jehovah . At the same time , he sincerely respects the role or place that Jehovah has given to others .
Modesty helps us to enjoy giving others due honor and support . ​ — Rom .
12 : 10 .
What can we learn from Gideon’s modesty ?
Gideon is an excellent example of modesty in action .
When Jehovah’s angel first appeared to him , Gideon readily acknowledged his modest background and credentials .
After he accepted Jehovah’s assignment , Gideon made sure that he thoroughly understood what was required , and he looked to Jehovah for guidance .
Gideon was bold and courageous .
Yet , he acted with caution and shrewdness .
He did not seize upon his assignment to gain prominence .
Rather , as soon as he could , he gladly returned to his former place . ​ — Judg .
8 : 22 , 23 , 29 .
16 , 17 .
What does a modest person take into consideration when thinking about making spiritual progress ?
Being modest does not mean that we should never reach out for or accept additional privileges of service .
The Scriptures encourage all of us to make advancement .
Does this always require a change of assignment though ?
Not necessarily .
With Jehovah’s blessing , we can make spiritual progress in whatever role we are currently serving .
We can continue to cultivate our God - given abilities and expand in doing good works .
Before accepting a new assignment , a modest person will first find out what will be required of him .
He can then make an honest evaluation of his circumstances .
For example , will he be able to take on more work or responsibility without neglecting other important things ?
Can some of his current work be delegated to make room for the new responsibility ?
If the answer to one or both of these questions is no , perhaps there is someone else who might be in a better position to care for the assignment right now .
A prayerful and realistic analysis will help us to avoid overreaching our current abilities and limitations .
Modesty may lead us to say no .
( a ) What will modesty move us to do in a new role or assignment ?
( b ) How does Romans 12 : 3 apply to a modest person ?
When we do accept a new assignment , Gideon’s example reminds us that we cannot succeed without Jehovah’s direction and blessing .
After all , we have been invited “ to walk in modesty with [ our ] God . ”
So any time we take on new responsibilities , we need to reflect prayerfully on whatever Jehovah tells us through his Word and his organization .
We have to learn to adjust our unsteady steps to match Jehovah’s steady lead .
Let us remember that it is Jehovah’s humility and not our own ability that ‘ makes us great . ’
Choosing to walk modestly with God will therefore help us to think neither too much nor too little of ourselves . ​ — Read Romans 12 : 3 .
For what reasons should we cultivate modesty ?
A modest person gives Jehovah the honor he deserves , since Jehovah is our Creator and Universal Sovereign .
Modesty helps us to be satisfied with and productive in our assigned place in God’s arrangement .
Modesty restrains us from acting dishonorably , and it promotes unity among Jehovah’s people .
Modesty motivates us to consider others ahead of ourselves , and it encourages us to be cautious , thus avoiding serious mistakes .
For these reasons , modesty still matters to all of God’s people , and Jehovah treasures those who cultivate it .
But what about when we are under pressure ?
The next article will show us how to remain modest in stressful situations .
“ Walk in modesty with your God ! ” ​ — MIC .
6 : 8 .
SONGS : 48 , 80
succeed in our assignments ?
cope with criticism or praise ?
make decisions in the face of uncertainty ?
1 - 3 .
What did the unnamed prophet from Judah fail to do , and what was the result ?
( See opening picture . )
SOMETIME during King Jeroboam’s reign , Jehovah sent a certain prophet from Judah to deliver a scathing judgment message to that apostate king of Israel .
The humble prophet faithfully delivered God’s message , and Jehovah protected his servant from Jeroboam’s violent wrath . ​ — 1 Ki . 13 : 1 - 10 .
On his way home , the prophet unexpectedly met up with an old man from nearby Bethel .
The man claimed to be a prophet of Jehovah .
He deceived the younger man into disobeying Jehovah’s strict instructions ‘ not to eat bread or drink water in Israel ’ and ‘ not to return by the way that he came . ’
Jehovah was not pleased .
Later , on his way home , a lion came across Jehovah’s prophet on the road and killed him . ​ — 1 Ki .
13 : 11 - 24 . Why did the once modest prophet presumptuously go along with that deceitful older man ?
The Bible does not say .
But it could be that he completely forgot that he was supposed to be ‘ walking modestly with God . ’
( Read Micah 6 : 8 . )
In the Bible , walking with Jehovah conveys the idea of trusting in him , supporting his sovereignty , and following his lead .
A modest person is keenly aware that he can and must be in constant communication with his loving and almighty Father .
The prophet could have asked Jehovah to clarify His instructions , but the Scriptures do not say that he did so .
At times , we too have to make difficult decisions , and the right course to take may not be clear .
Modestly seeking Jehovah’s guidance helps us to avoid making grave mistakes .
What will we learn in this article ?
In the preceding article , we learned why modesty is still important for Christians and what displaying it involves .
What situations , though , might put our modesty to the test ?
And how can we cultivate this desirable quality , so that we remain modest even under pressure ?
To answer these questions , we will consider three common situations that can put modesty to the test , and we will see how we can act wisely in each case . ​ — Prov . 11 : 2 .
5 , 6 .
How did Barzillai manifest modesty ?
Changes in personal circumstances or of assignments can test our modesty .
When David asked 80 - year - old Barzillai to accept an invitation to live in the royal court , Barzillai must have been greatly honored .
Accepting David’s invitation would have allowed him to continue to enjoy the king’s association .
Yet , Barzillai declined .
Why ?
Because of his advanced age , he told David that he did not want to become a burden to the king .
So Barzillai recommended that Chimham , presumably one of his sons , take his place . ​ — 2 Sam .
19 : 31 - 37 .
Modesty helped Barzillai to make a reasonable decision .
He did not turn down David’s invitation because he felt inadequate to shoulder responsibility or because he wanted to enjoy a quiet life in retirement .
He simply recognized and accepted his changing circumstances and his limitations .
He did not want to take on more than he reasonably could .
( Read Galatians 6 : 4 , 5 . )
If we focus on position , prominence , or recognition , it only provides a breeding ground for egotism , competition , and eventual disappointment .
Modesty , however , helps all to focus their collective abilities and efforts on bringing glory to God and doing what is best to help others . ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 31 .
7 , 8 .
How can modesty help us to avoid becoming self - reliant ?
Greater responsibility often comes with greater authority , and that can test our modesty .
When Nehemiah heard about the plight of the people in Jerusalem , he fervently prayed to Jehovah .
Jehovah’s blessing came when King Artaxerxes appointed Nehemiah governor of the region .
Yet , despite his prominent position , personal wealth , and considerable authority , Nehemiah never relied on his own experience or abilities .
He kept walking with God .
He continually sought Jehovah’s direction by consulting God’s Law .
Nehemiah did not domineer over others ; rather , he served them at his own expense . ​ — Neh .
5 : 14 - 19 .
Nehemiah’s example demonstrates how modesty can help us to keep from becoming self - reliant when we receive a change of assignment or additional responsibility .
Relying just on his own experience , an elder could begin to care for congregation matters without first approaching Jehovah in prayer .
Others might make a decision first and then pray for Jehovah to bless their decision .
Is that being modest , however ?
A modest person will always remember his place before God and his role in God’s arrangement .
Our abilities are not the important thing .
Especially when we are faced with a familiar situation or problem , we have to be careful not to rely on ourselves .
( Read Proverbs 3 : 5 , 6 . )
As members of God’s household , we learn to think in terms of fulfilling roles in a family or as part of a congregation rather than achieving a rank or climbing a corporate ladder . ​ — 1 Tim .
3 : 15 .
9 , 10 .
How can modesty help us to cope with unfair criticism ?
It can be hard to control our feelings when we have to put up with unfair criticism .
Hannah often cried because Peninnah , her rival , relentlessly taunted her .
Hannah’s husband loved her , but she was barren .
Later , when she was praying at the tabernacle , High Priest Eli mistakenly accused her of being drunk .
Imagine that ! Yet , despite all of this , modest Hannah kept herself restrained and was respectful in her response to Eli .
Her touching prayer is preserved in the Bible .
It is full of expressions of faith , praise , and appreciation . ​ — 1 Sam .
1 : 5 - 7 , 12 - 16 ; 2 : 1 - 10 .
Modesty can also help us to “ keep conquering the evil with the good . ”
Life in Satan’s system is often unfair , and we need to fight against becoming incensed by the conduct of evildoers .
When problems arise between spiritual brothers or sisters , the pain can be much deeper .
A modest person will imitate Jesus .
“ When he was being insulted , ” the Bible says , “ he did not insult in return . . . , but he entrusted himself to the One who judges righteously . ”
Jesus knew that vengeance belongs to Jehovah .
Christians are likewise admonished to be humble and not to “ pay back injury for injury . ” ​ — 1 Pet . 3 : 8 , 9 .
11 , 12 . ( a ) How can modesty help us to deal with flattery or excessive praise ?
( b ) How should modesty govern our choice of dress and grooming as well as our behavior ?
Excessive flattery or praise can test our modesty as well .
Consider Esther’s excellent response to a surprising turn of events .
She was strikingly beautiful and was pampered with luxurious treatments for a year .
She was in daily association with many young women from all over the Persian Empire who were competing for the attention of the king .
Yet , she remained respectful and composed .
She did not become vain or immodest even after the king selected her to be his queen . ​ — Esther 2 : 9 , 12 , 15 , 17 .
Does our dress and grooming show respect for Jehovah and others , or does it show a lack of modesty ?
( See paragraph 12 )
Modesty helps us always to dress , groom , and comport ourselves in a decent and respectable manner .
We realize that we win people’s hearts , not by boasting or drawing undue attention to ourselves , but by displaying a “ quiet and mild spirit . ”
( Read 1 Peter 3 : 3 , 4 ; Jer .
9 : 23 , 24 ) Vain sentiments in our hearts will eventually show up in our actions .
We might drop hints , for example , implying that we enjoy special privileges , possess inside information , or have special relationships with responsible brothers .
Or we might explain things in such a way that only we get the credit for ideas or accomplishments that others also contributed to .
Again , Jesus set a wonderful example .
A good portion of what he said was either a quotation from or an allusion to the Hebrew Scriptures .
He modestly spoke that way so that his hearers would know that what he said was coming from Jehovah and was not the product of his own intellect or wisdom . ​ — John 8 : 28 .
13 , 14 .
How can modesty help us to make better decisions ?
Another test of our modesty might come when decisions are made .
While the apostle Paul was staying in Caesarea , the prophet Agabus told him that if he continued on to Jerusalem , he would end up being arrested .
He might even be killed .
Fearing the worst , the brothers begged Paul not to go .
However , Paul would not be dissuaded .
He was neither overconfident nor paralyzed with fear .
He trusted in Jehovah completely and was prepared to see his assignment through , wherever Jehovah would allow it to take him .
On hearing this , the brothers modestly stopped objecting to Paul’s decision to go on to Jerusalem . ​ — Acts 21 : 10 - 14 .
Modesty can also help us to make good decisions even when we cannot fully know or control how things will turn out .
As an example , if we enter some feature of the full - time service , what will happen to us if we get sick ?
What if our aging parents need our help ?
How will we look after ourselves in our old age ?
No amount of prayer or research will reveal a complete answer to questions like these .
Our confidence in Jehovah will help us not only to acknowledge but also to accept our limitations .
After doing research , consulting others , and praying for guidance , we need to take steps in the direction that God’s spirit is leading us .
( Read Ecclesiastes 11 : 4 - 6 . )
That gives Jehovah something to bless , or he can gently redirect our goals . ​ — Prov . 16 : 3 , 9 .
How does reflecting on Jehovah help to keep us humble ?
Since modesty has so many advantages , how can we cultivate it to an even greater degree ?
Let us consider four ways .
First , we will develop greater modesty and reverence for Jehovah by appreciatively reflecting on his vastly superior qualities and position .
Remember , we are walking with Almighty God , not an angel or a man .
That realization will move us ‘ to humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God . ’ ​ — 1 Pet . 5 : 6 .
How will meditating on God’s love motivate us to be modest ?
Second , meditating on Jehovah’s love will help us to cultivate modesty .
The apostle Paul wrote that Jehovah surrounded the less honorable parts of the human body “ with greater honor . ”
Similarly , Jehovah cares for each one of us despite our limitations .
He does not compare us with others or withhold his love when we make mistakes .
Because of Jehovah’s love , we can feel secure wherever we serve in his household .
What effect will learning to look for the good in others have on us ?
Third , appreciation for our role in Jehovah’s service will grow as we , in imitation of our God , look for the good in others .
Instead of seeking the spotlight or always stepping in to take over , we will more often find ourselves modestly seeking the advice of others and yielding to their suggestions .
We will rejoice with them when they receive privileges .
And we will praise Jehovah as we see how he blesses “ the entire association of [ our ] brothers in the world . ” ​ — 1 Pet . 5 : 9 .
How can we train our conscience to have a godly sense of decency ?
Fourth , our personal sense of decency and respectability will be refined when we train our conscience according to Bible principles .
We will develop good judgment by modestly learning to see things from Jehovah’s viewpoint .
Through regular study , prayer , and application of what we learn , we can gradually strengthen our conscience .
We learn to put others first . If we do our part , Jehovah promises that he will ‘ finish our training , ’ helping us to develop modesty and other godly qualities . ​ — 1 Pet .
5 : 10 .

What will help us to remain modest forever ?
A single presumptuous act cost the unnamed prophet from Judah his life and his good standing with God .
It is possible , though , to remain modest under test .
Faithful ones before us and modest ones today have proved that it can be done .
The longer we walk with Jehovah , the deeper our modesty should become .
Whatever our place right now , walking with Jehovah is in itself a wonderful and matchless privilege .
Cherish that honor , and continue to do your best to walk modestly with Jehovah forever .
“ These things entrust to faithful men , who , in turn , will be adequately qualified to teach others . ” ​ — 2 TIM .
2 : 2 .
SONGS : 103 , 101
How did King David respond when told that his son would build God’s temple ?
Why should older ones help younger ones to take on increased responsibility ?
How can younger men demonstrate a proper attitude as they take on the work of older brothers ?
1 , 2 .
How do many people view their work ?
PEOPLE often define themselves by the work they do .
To many , a job or position determines a person’s self - worth .
In some cultures , when getting to know another person , one of the first questions asked is , “ What kind of work do you do ? ”
The Bible sometimes describes people by the work they did .
It speaks of “ Matthew the tax collector ” ; “ Simon , a tanner ” ; and “ Luke , the beloved physician . ”
Spiritual assignments or privileges also identify people .
We read of King David , the prophet Elijah , and the apostle Paul .
These men valued their God - given assignments .
If we have privileges of service , we likewise should value them .
Why is there a need for older ones to train younger ones ?
( See opening picture . )
Many of us love the work we do and would like to continue doing it indefinitely .
Sadly , though , from the days of Adam , each generation grows old and is replaced by another .
In recent times , this transition has presented unique challenges for true Christians .
The work of Jehovah’s people has grown in scope and complexity .
As we tackle new projects , new ways of doing things are adopted ​ — often ways that involve the use of rapidly changing technology .
Some older ones may find it hard to keep pace with these advances .
Even when that is not the case , younger ones may have greater strength and energy than older ones have .
Thus , it is both loving and practical for older ones to prepare younger ones to take on greater responsibility . ​ — Read Psalm 71 : 18 .
Why is it difficult for some to delegate authority ?
( See the box “ Why Some People Do Not Delegate . ” )
Those in positions of authority may not find it easy to delegate to younger ones .
Some fear losing a position they cherish .
Others worry about losing control , convinced that younger ones cannot do things as well .
Some may reason that they do not have time to train someone else .
On the other hand , those who are younger must guard against becoming impatient when they are not given more to do .
What questions will this article discuss ?
Let us discuss this matter of delegating from two angles .
First , how can older ones help younger ones take on increased responsibility , and why is this important ?
Second , why is it important that younger ones keep the right attitude as they assist brothers who are more experienced and learn from them ?
To begin , let us see how King David equipped his son to take on an important responsibility .
What did King David want to do , and how did Jehovah respond ?
After residing for years as a fugitive , David became king and lived in a comfortable house .
Dismayed that there was no “ house , ” or temple , dedicated to Jehovah , he wanted to build one .
So he said to Nathan the prophet : “ Here I am living in a house of cedars while the ark of the covenant of Jehovah is under tent cloths . ”
Nathan replied : “ Do whatever is in your heart , for the true God is with you . ”
However , Jehovah directed otherwise .
He told Nathan to tell David : “ You are not the one who will build the house for me to dwell in . ”
Although Jehovah lovingly assured David that He would continue to bless him , God directed that David’s son Solomon build the temple . How did David react ? ​ — 1 Chron .
17 : 1 - 4 , 8 , 11 , 12 ; 29 : 1 .
How did David react to Jehovah’s direction ?
David did not withhold his support , brooding over the prospect that the credit for temple construction would not be his .
The building did , in fact , become known as Solomon’s temple , not David’s .
While David may have been disappointed that he could not fulfill his heart’s desire , he fully supported the project .
He eagerly organized work groups and gathered iron , copper , silver , and gold , as well as cedar timbers .
Further , he encouraged Solomon , saying : “ Now , my son , may Jehovah be with you , and may you be successful and build the house of Jehovah your God , just as he has spoken concerning you . ” ​ — 1 Chron . 22 : 11 , 14 - 16 .
Why might David have concluded that Solomon was unqualified , but what did he do ?
Read 1 Chronicles 22 : 5 .
David might have concluded that Solomon was not qualified to oversee such an important project .
After all , the temple was to be “ exceedingly magnificent , ” and Solomon was at the time “ young and inexperienced . ”
Yet , David knew that Jehovah would equip Solomon to handle the work given to him .
So David focused on what he could do to assist , preparing materials in great quantity .
It is satisfying to see younger men taking on greater responsibility ( See paragraph 9 )
How can older ones find satisfaction in handing over responsibilities ?
Illustrate .
Older brothers should not be disheartened when it becomes necessary to hand their assignments over to younger men .
Rather , it is in the best interests of the work when younger ones are trained to handle responsibilities .
Appointed men should have great satisfaction when the younger ones whom they have trained become qualified to take on the work .
To illustrate , think of a father who teaches his son to drive a car .
When he is a child , the son simply observes his father .
When the boy is older , the father explains what he is doing .
Then , when the boy is of legal age , he begins to drive the car as his father gives him further instruction .
Sometimes they may take turns driving , but eventually the son may do most , if not all , of the driving for his aging father .
The wise father is pleased to have his son take over and does not feel that he has to be in control .
Similarly , older men feel proud when they have trained younger ones to take on theocratic responsibilities .
How did Moses feel about glory and authority ?
As older ones , we must guard against jealousy .
Notice how Moses reacted when certain ones in the camp of Israel began behaving as prophets .
( Read Numbers 11 : 24 - 29 . )
Joshua , Moses ’ assistant , wanted to restrain them .
He evidently thought that they were detracting from Moses ’ prominence and authority .
But Moses replied : “ Are you jealous for me ?
No , I wish that all of Jehovah’s people were prophets and that Jehovah would put his spirit on them ! ”
Moses saw Jehovah’s hand in the matter .
Disclaiming honor for himself , Moses expressed his desire that the same spiritual gifts be shared by all of Jehovah’s servants .
Like Moses , are we not pleased when others receive privileges that might otherwise have come to us ?
What did one brother say about handing over his responsibility ?
Today , there are many examples of brothers who have worked energetically for decades and who have prepared others to take on increased responsibility .
For example , a brother named Peter served for more than 74 years in the full - time service , 35 of these at a branch office in Europe .
Until recently , he was the overseer of the Service Department .
Now Paul , a younger man who had worked alongside Peter for several years , cares for that responsibility .
When Peter was asked how he felt about his change of assignment , he replied , “ I am so pleased that there are brothers who have been trained to accept greater responsibility and who are doing so well in caring for the work . ”
What lesson should we learn from the Bible account of Rehoboam ?
After Solomon died , his son Rehoboam became king .
When Rehoboam needed advice on how to handle his responsibilities , he first asked the older men .
But he rejected their advice !
Instead , he took the advice of the younger men with whom he had grown up and who were now his attendants .
The results were disastrous .
The lesson ?
It is wise to seek and consider carefully the advice of older , experienced ones .
Though younger ones should not feel shackled to past ways of doing things , they should not be quick to dismiss the counsel of older ones .
How should younger ones cooperate with older ones ?
Some younger ones may now be coordinating activities that include older brothers .
Though such younger ones have a changed role , they would do well to benefit from the wisdom and experience of older ones before making decisions .
Paul , mentioned earlier , who replaced Peter as the overseer of a Bethel department , said , “ I took time to seek out the advice of Peter , and I encouraged others in the department to do the same . ”
What do we learn from the cooperation between Timothy and the apostle Paul ?
Timothy , a younger man , worked alongside the apostle Paul for many years .
( Read Philippians 2 : 20 - 22 . )
Paul had written to the Corinthians : “ I am sending Timothy to you , because he is my beloved and faithful child in the Lord . He will remind you of my methods in connection with Christ Jesus , just as I am teaching everywhere in every congregation . ”
This brief statement points to the close cooperation between Paul and Timothy .
Paul had taken time to teach Timothy his “ methods in connection with Christ . ”
Timothy learned well and had won Paul’s affection , and Paul was confident that Timothy could care for the spiritual needs of those in Corinth .
What a fine example for elders to imitate today as they train other men to take the lead in the congregation !
How should Paul’s counsel to Christians in Rome help us when we are affected by change ?
We live in exciting times .
The earthly part of Jehovah’s organization is growing in many ways , but growth necessitates change .
As changes affect us personally , may we be humble , keeping an eye on Jehovah’s interests and not on our own .
Doing so promotes unity .
To Christians in Rome , Paul wrote : “ I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think , but to think so as to have a sound mind , each one as God has given to him a measure of faith .
For just as we have in one body many members , but the members do not all have the same function , so we , although many , are one body in union with Christ . ” ​ — Rom . 12 : 3 - 5 .
What might older ones and younger ones , as well as their wives , do to help maintain the peace and unity of Jehovah’s organization ?
Whatever our circumstances , then , let all of us work to further the interests of Jehovah’s magnificent Kingdom .
You older ones , equip younger ones to do what you do .
You younger brothers , accept responsibility , be modest , and maintain a respectful attitude toward the older ones .
And you wives , imitate Aquila’s wife , Priscilla , who accompanied and supported Aquila faithfully as their circumstances changed . ​ — Acts 18 : 2 .
What confidence did Jesus have in his disciples , and for what did he train them ?
In the matter of training others to take on increased responsibility , there is no better example than that of Jesus .
He knew that his earthly ministry would come to an end and that others would carry on his work .
Though his disciples were imperfect , he had confidence in them and told them that they would do works greater than he did .
He trained them thoroughly , and they spread the good news throughout the then - known world . ​ — Col .
1 : 23 .
What prospects lie ahead , and what can we do now ?
After his sacrificial death , Jesus was resurrected to heaven where he was given more work to do with authority “ far above every government and authority and power and lordship . ”
If we die faithful before Armageddon , we will be resurrected into a righteous new world , where there will be plenty of satisfying work for us to do .
Now , though , there is vitally important work that all of us can participate in ​ — preaching the good news and making disciples .
May all of us , young or old , keep on “ having plenty to do in the work of the Lord . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 58 .
WHY SOME PEOPLE DO NOT DELEGATE
1
They fear that they will not get credit for what is done .
However , all credit belongs to Jehovah . ​ — Ps . 115 : 1 .
2
They do not want to give up work that they enjoy .
However , there is joy in training others . ​ — Acts 20 : 35 .
3
They fear that the work will not be done properly .
However , God can help others to do the work . ​ — Ps . 37 : 5 .
4
They do not want to lose control of an assignment .
However , it is best to acknowledge that Jehovah is in control . ​ — Isa .
45 : 6 , 7 .
5
They think that they do not have time to train others .
However , training others saves time in the long run . ​ — Eph .
5 : 15 , 16 .
3 Jehovah’s Purpose Will Be Fulfilled !
8 The Ransom ​ — A “ Perfect Present ” From the Father
Christ’s ransom sacrifice is fundamental to our faith and to the outworking of Jehovah’s original purpose for mankind .
These two articles examine why the ransom became necessary , what it accomplished , and how we can show heartfelt gratitude for this most loving of all gifts from our heavenly Father .
13 Life Story ​ — We Experienced God’s Undeserved Kindness in Many Ways
18 Jehovah Leads His People
23 Who Is Leading God’s People Today ?
For millenniums , Jehovah has directed men to take the lead .
Why can we conclude that Jehovah has been supporting these men , and how do we know that he is backing the faithful and discreet slave today ?
These articles will consider three lines of evidence that have always identified God’s representatives .
29 Questions From Readers
31 From Our Archives
LIFE STORY
As told by Douglas Guest
AS A God - fearing young man , my father , Arthur , hoped to become a Methodist minister .
However , his plans changed when he read the literature of the Bible Students and began to associate with them .
He was baptized in 1914 at 17 years of age .
World War I was then raging , and he received a call for military service .
Because he would not bear arms , he was sentenced to a ten - month term in the Kingston Penitentiary in Ontario , Canada .
After his release , Father entered the full - time ministry as a colporteur ( pioneer ) .
In 1926 , Arthur Guest married Hazel Wilkinson , whose mother had learned the truth in 1908 .
I was born on April 24 , 1931 , the second of their four children .
Our family life centered on the worship of Jehovah , and Father’s deep respect for the Bible nurtured in us a lifelong appreciation for God’s Word .
We regularly engaged in the house - to - house ministry as a family . ​ — Acts 20 : 20 .
World War II broke out in 1939 , and the next year the activity of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Canada was banned .
Public schools held patriotic ceremonies that included saluting the flag and singing the national anthem .
My eldest sister , Dorothy , and I were dismissed from the classroom during these sessions .
To my surprise , one day my teacher tried to shame me by saying that I was a coward .
After school , several classmates assaulted me and knocked me to the ground .
But that attack actually strengthened my resolve to “ obey God as ruler rather than men . ” ​ — Acts 5 : 29 .
In July 1942 , at the age of 11 , I was baptized in a water tank on a farm .
I enjoyed serving as a vacation pioneer ( now called an auxiliary pioneer ) during yearly school breaks .
One year I joined three other brothers in witnessing to loggers living in unassigned territory in northern Ontario .
On May 1 , 1949 , I became a regular pioneer .
Since the branch was doing construction work , I was invited to help and became a member of the Canada Bethel family on December 1 .
I was assigned to the printery and learned to operate the flatbed press .
I was on the night shift for several weeks , printing a tract related to the persecution that Jehovah’s people were experiencing in Canada .
Later , while working in the Service Department , I interviewed pioneers who were visiting the branch office on their way to serve in Quebec , then a hotbed of opposition .
One of the visitors was Mary Zazula from Edmonton , Alberta .
Because she and her elder brother , Joe , refused to stop studying the Bible , they were expelled from home by zealous Orthodox parents .
In June 1951 , both were baptized , and six months later , they began pioneering .
During the interview , I was impressed by Mary’s spiritual attitude .
I said to myself , ‘ Unless something negative turns up , this looks like the girl I will marry . ’
We got married nine months later ​ — on January 30 , 1954 .
One week later , we were invited to receive training for circuit work , and for the next two years , we served a circuit in northern Ontario .
As the worldwide preaching work mushroomed , a call went out for missionaries .
We thought that if we could take Canada’s ice - cold winters and the annoying mosquitoes in the summer , we should be able to survive adverse circumstances in any assignment .
We graduated from the 27th class of Gilead School in July 1956 , and by November we were in our assignment ​ — Brazil .
When we arrived at the branch in Brazil , we were introduced to the Portuguese language .
After learning basic forms of address and memorizing a one - minute magazine presentation , we were invited to begin engaging in the field service .
If a householder showed interest , it was suggested that we read scriptures describing life under God’s Kingdom .
On our first day in the field ministry , one lady listened attentively , so I read Revelation 21 : 3 , 4 ​ — and then I fainted !
My body had not adjusted to the hot , humid weather , and this was to be an ongoing challenge .
Our missionary assignment was the city of Campos , where there are now 15 congregations .
When we arrived , there was only one isolated group in the city as well as a missionary home with four sisters : Esther Tracy , Ramona Bauer , Luiza Schwarz , and Lorraine Brookes ( now Wallen ) .
My assignment in the home was to help with the laundry and to obtain wood for cooking meals .
After our Watchtower Study one Monday night , we had an unexpected visitor .
My wife had stretched out on a sofa to rest while we were talking about the day’s activity .
When she raised her head from the pillow to get up , out came a snake that caused quite a commotion until I killed it !
After studying Portuguese for a year , I was appointed to be a circuit overseer .
We led a simple life in rural areas ​ — doing without electricity , sleeping on mats , and traveling by horse and buggy .
During a witnessing campaign in unassigned territory , we traveled by train to a town in the mountains and rented a room in a boardinghouse .
The branch office sent us 800 magazines to use in the ministry .
We had to make many trips to the post office to pick up the boxes of magazines and carry them to our accommodations .
In 1962 , the Kingdom Ministry School was held throughout Brazil for brothers and missionary sisters .
For six months , I was assigned to travel to one school after another ​ — but without Mary .
I taught classes in Manaus , Belém , Fortaleza , Recife , and Salvador .
I organized a district convention in the famous opera house in Manaus .
Heavy rains contaminated much of the drinking water and left us without a decent cafeteria area for the convention .
( In those days , meals were served at conventions . )
I contacted the military , and a kind officer gladly arranged to supply drinking water for the entire convention and sent soldiers to erect two large tents for our kitchen and cafeteria .
While I was away , Mary witnessed in a Portuguese commercial district , where making money was the only subject of interest .
She was unable to start a Bible conversation with anyone , so she said to some Bethelites , “ The last place on earth I would want to live is Portugal . ”
Surprise ! Shortly thereafter , we received a letter inviting us to serve in Portugal .
At that time , our preaching work was under ban there , but we accepted the assignment despite Mary’s initial shock .
We arrived in Lisbon , Portugal , in August of 1964 .
Our brothers were the target of much persecution by the Portuguese secret police ( PIDE ) .
In view of this , it was best that we arrive without any welcome and avoid contact with the local Witnesses .
We stayed in a boardinghouse while awaiting residence authorization .
After we obtained our visas , we rented an apartment .
In January 1965 , contact was finally made with the branch office .
What a happy day it was when we attended our first meeting in five months !
We learned that the police were making daily raids on the homes of our brothers .
Because Kingdom Halls were being closed , congregation meetings were held in private homes .
Hundreds of Witnesses ended up at police stations for identification and questioning .
Brothers were particularly mistreated in an attempt to get them to reveal the names of those conducting meetings .
As a result , the brothers adopted the practice of identifying one another by their given names , such as José or Paulo , rather than by their surnames .
So we did the same .
Providing our brothers with spiritual food was of utmost concern .
Mary’s assignment was to type Watchtower study articles and other literature on stencils that served to produce mimeographed copies .
In June 1966 , an outstanding court case was held in Lisbon .
All 49 members of the Feijó Congregation were brought to trial for attending an illegal meeting in a private home .
I prepared them for the trial and cross - examination by pretending to be the prosecuting attorney .
We knew that we would lose the case , but we realized that a great witness would result .
Our lawyer concluded his defense by courageously quoting Gamaliel of the first century .
News of the case hit the press , and the 49 brothers and sisters served terms ranging from 45 days to five and a half months .
We are happy to say that our courageous lawyer accepted a Bible study and was attending meetings before he died .
In December 1966 , I was appointed branch overseer and spent much time on legal matters .
A solid record for the right of Jehovah’s Witnesses to enjoy freedom of worship was established .
Legal recognition was finally granted on December 18 , 1974 .
Brothers Nathan Knorr and Frederick Franz , from world headquarters , visited Portugal to share our joy at a historic meeting in Oporto and Lisbon with a combined attendance of 46,870 .
Jehovah had opened the door for expansion in several islands in which Portuguese is spoken , including the Azores , Cape Verde , Madeira , and São Tomé and Príncipe .
Our resulting need for larger branch facilities was met in 1988 .
On April 23 of that year , Brother Milton Henschel presided at the dedication of the new facilities in the presence of an enthusiastic audience of 45,522 .
It was heartwarming to have 20 brothers and sisters who had served as missionaries in Portugal return for that historic event .
Over the years , association with faithful brothers has greatly enriched our lives .
I learned a valuable lesson assisting Brother Theodore Jaracz on a zone visit .
The branch being visited was facing a serious situation , and the members of the Branch Committee had done all they reasonably could .
Putting them at ease , Brother Jaracz said : “ Now it is time to leave some space for holy spirit to work . ”
During a visit to Brooklyn several decades ago , my wife , Mary , and I spent an evening with Brother Franz and a few others .
When asked to close the evening by saying something about his many years in Jehovah’s service , Brother Franz commented : “ My recommendation is : Stay with Jehovah’s visible organization through thick and thin .
It is the only one doing the work Jesus commanded his disciples to do ​ — preach the good news of God’s Kingdom ! ”
My wife and I have found real enjoyment doing just that .
We treasure the memories of zone visits to branches .
These visits gave us the opportunity to show appreciation for the faithful service of young and old alike and to encourage them to continue in their special privilege of serving Jehovah .
The years have rolled by , and both of us are in our 80 ’ s .
Mary struggles with numerous health problems .
Trials have served to refine our faith and strengthen our determination to maintain integrity .
When reflecting on our life course , we readily admit that we have experienced Jehovah’s undeserved kindness in many , many ways .
*
While this article was being prepared for publication , Douglas Guest died faithful to Jehovah on October 25 , 2015 .
“ Jehovah will always lead you . ” ​ — ISA .
58 : 11 .
SONGS : 3 , 4
How did the leaders of God’s ancient people and Jesus Christ give evidence that they were . . .
empowered by holy spirit ?
assisted by angels ?
guided by God’s Word ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How do those taking the lead among Jehovah’s Witnesses differ from those doing so in other religions ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article and the next ?
“ WHO is your leader ? ”
That is a question often put to Jehovah’s Witnesses .
And no wonder !
In many religions , one man or one woman acts as leader , or chief .
In contrast , we are proud to tell those who inquire that our Leader is not an imperfect human .
Rather , we follow the lead of the resurrected Christ , who in turn follows the lead of his Father , Jehovah . ​ — Matt .
23 : 10 .
Nevertheless , there is a visible group of men , “ the faithful and discreet slave , ” who take the lead among God’s people today .
So how do we know that it really is Jehovah who is leading us by means of his invisible Son ?
In this article and the next , we will examine how for millenniums Jehovah has directed certain humans to take the lead .
Both articles will consider three lines of evidence that Jehovah has indeed been behind those men , proving that he was ​ — and still is — ​ the true Leader of his people . ​ — Isa .
58 : 11 .
What empowered Moses to lead Israel ?
Holy spirit empowered God’s representatives .
Consider Moses , who was commissioned to be the leader of the Israelites .
What equipped him to care for that weighty assignment ?
Jehovah “ put within him His holy spirit . ”
( Read Isaiah 63 : 11 - 14 . )
By empowering Moses with holy spirit , Jehovah continued to lead His people .
How could the Israelites discern that Moses had God’s spirit ?
( See opening image . )
Since holy spirit is an invisible force , how could the Israelites discern that it was operating on Moses ?
Holy spirit enabled Moses to perform miracles and to declare God’s name to Pharaoh .
Holy spirit also produced in Moses beautiful qualities , such as love , meekness , and patience , that qualified him to lead the Israelites .
What a contrast to the harsh and self - centered leaders of other lands !
The evidence was clear : Jehovah had selected Moses to be the leader of His people .
Explain how Jehovah empowered other Israelite men to lead his people .
Later , Jehovah’s holy spirit empowered other men whom he appointed to lead his people .
“ Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom . ”
“ Jehovah’s spirit came upon Gideon . ”
And “ the spirit of Jehovah began to empower David . ”
All those men relied on God’s spirit to help them , and that spirit empowered them to perform feats that they could not have done in their own strength .
As a result , Jehovah rightly received praise for those mighty acts .
Why did God want his people to respect the leaders in Israel ?
How should the Israelites have responded to clear evidence that those men were empowered by holy spirit ?
When the people complained about Moses ’ leadership , Jehovah asked : “ How much longer will this people treat me without respect ? ”
Indeed , Jehovah chose Moses , Joshua , Gideon , and David to represent him as Leader .
When the people obeyed these men , they were actually following Jehovah as Leader .
How did angels assist Moses ?
Angels assisted God’s representatives .
( Read Hebrews 1 : 7 , 14 . )
Jehovah employed angels to commission , equip , and guide Moses .
God sent Moses “ as both ruler and deliverer by means of the angel who appeared to him in the thornbush . ”
Jehovah “ transmitted through angels ” the Law , which Moses used to instruct the Israelites .
And Jehovah told him : “ Lead the people to the place about which I have spoken to you .
Look !
My angel will go ahead of you . ” The Bible does not report that the Israelites saw a materialized angel perform those duties .
However , the way Moses instructed and guided the people made it clear that he had superhuman help .
What help did angels give to Joshua and Hezekiah ?
After Moses ’ time , his successor , Joshua , was strengthened by “ the prince of Jehovah’s army ” to lead God’s people into battle against the Canaanites ; and the Israelites won the victory .
Later , King Hezekiah faced an overwhelming force of Assyrian soldiers who threatened to invade Jerusalem .
In one night , “ the angel of Jehovah went out and struck down 185,000 men . ” ​ — 2 Ki . 19 : 35 .
Did the imperfections of God’s representatives excuse the Israelites from following their lead ?
Explain .
Of course , while the angels are perfect , the men whom they assisted were not .
Moses once failed to sanctify Jehovah .
Joshua neglected to seek God’s guidance before concluding a covenant with the Gibeonites .
For a brief period , Hezekiah’s “ heart became haughty . ”
Nevertheless , despite the imperfections of these men , the Israelites were expected to follow their lead .
Jehovah was supporting those men with his superhuman agents .
Yes , Jehovah was leading his people .
How was Moses guided by God’s Law ?
God’s Word guided his representatives .
The Bible refers to the Law given to Israel as “ the Law of Moses . ”
Nevertheless , the Scriptures identify Jehovah as the actual Lawgiver , and Moses himself was subject to that Law .
After Jehovah had given instructions on how to set up the tabernacle , “ Moses did according to all that Jehovah had commanded him . He did just so . ” ​ — Ex .
40 : 1 - 16 .
11 , 12 . ( a ) What were Joshua and the kings who ruled God’s people required to do ?
( b ) How did God’s Word affect the leaders of God’s people ?
From the beginning of his leadership , Joshua had a written record of God’s Word .
“ You must read it in an undertone day and night , ” he was told , “ in order to observe carefully all that is written in it . ”
Later , the kings who ruled God’s people followed a similar routine .
They were obligated to read the Law daily , write a copy of it , and “ observe all the words of this Law and these regulations by carrying them out . ” ​ — Read Deuteronomy 17 : 18 - 20 .
What effect did God’s Word have on the men who took the lead ?
Consider the example of King Josiah . After a document containing the Mosaic Law was found , Josiah’s secretary began to read it to him .
* How did the king react ?
“ As soon as the king heard the words of the book of the Law , he ripped his garments apart . ”
But he did more .
Guided by God’s Word , Josiah began a vigorous campaign against idolatry and arranged an unprecedented celebration of the Passover .
Because Josiah and other faithful leaders were guided by God’s Word , they were willing to adjust and clarify the direction they gave to God’s people .
Those changes brought God’s ancient people into harmony with his will .
What contrast existed between the leaders of God’s people and those of pagan nations ?
How different those faithful kings were from the leaders of other nations , men who were guided by human wisdom and shortsighted strategy !
Under Canaanite leadership , people did detestable things , which included incest , homosexuality , bestiality , child sacrifice , and gross idolatry .
Moreover , Babylonian and Egyptian leaders did not follow the scientifically sound practices on hygiene that God gave to Israel .
In contrast , God’s ancient people saw how their faithful leaders promoted spiritual , moral , and physical cleanness .
Clearly , Jehovah was leading them .
Why did Jehovah discipline some of the leaders of his people ?
Not all the kings who ruled God’s ancient people followed God’s instructions .
Those who did not obey Jehovah refused to accept the guidance of God’s holy spirit , his angels , and his Word .
In some cases , Jehovah disciplined or replaced those leaders .
In his own due time , he appointed someone who would be superior to any of the men he had used thus far .
( a ) How did the prophets indicate that a unique leader was coming ?
( b ) Who was the prophesied leader ?
For centuries , Jehovah prophesied that he would appoint a uniquely qualified leader for his people .
“ Jehovah your God will raise up for you from among your brothers a prophet like me , ” Moses told the Israelites . “ You must listen to him . ”
Isaiah foretold that this One would become “ a leader and commander . ”
And Daniel was inspired to write about the coming of “ Messiah the Leader . ”
Finally , Jesus Christ identified himself as “ the Leader ” of God’s people .
( Read Matthew 23 : 10 . )
Jesus ’ disciples followed him willingly , and they affirmed that he was Jehovah’s choice .
What convinced them that Jesus Christ was the one through whom Jehovah was leading his people ?
What proved that Jesus was empowered by holy spirit ?
Holy spirit empowered Jesus .
At Jesus ’ baptism , John the Baptizer saw “ the heavens being parted and , like a dove , the spirit coming down upon him . ”
Thereafter , “ the spirit impelled him to go into the wilderness . ”
For the rest of Jesus ’ earthly ministry , God’s holy spirit empowered Jesus to perform miracles and to speak with divine authority .
In addition , holy spirit produced in Jesus perfect fruitage , including love , joy , and stalwart faith .
No other leader provided such convincing evidence .
Jesus was Jehovah’s choice .
How did angels assist Jesus shortly after his baptism ?
( See paragraph 17 )
What did angels do to assist Jesus ?
Angels assisted Jesus .
Shortly after Jesus was baptized , “ angels came and began to minister to him . ”
Hours before his death , “ an angel from heaven appeared to him and strengthened him . ”
Jesus was confident that Jehovah would send angelic help whenever he needed it to accomplish God’s will . ​ — Matt .
26 : 53 .
18 , 19 .
How did God’s Word guide Jesus ’ life and teaching ?
God’s Word guided Jesus .
From the beginning of his ministry , Jesus allowed the Scriptures to direct him .
In fact , his obedience to God’s Word went as far as submitting to death on a torture stake .
Even his final words before he died included quotations of Messianic prophecies .
In contrast , the religious leaders of that time disregarded God’s Word whenever it contradicted their own traditions .
Quoting Jehovah’s words through the prophet Isaiah , Jesus said about them : “ This people honor me with their lips , but their hearts are far removed from me .
It is in vain that they keep worshipping me , for they teach commands of men as doctrines . ”
Could Jehovah really choose any of those men to lead his people ?
Jesus allowed God’s Word to guide not only his actions but also his teaching .
When confronted with religious controversies , he appealed neither to his vast wisdom nor to his unparalleled experience . Instead , he held up the Scriptures as the final authority .
And rather than regale his listeners with personal stories about life in heaven or the creation of the universe , “ he opened up their minds fully to grasp the meaning of the Scriptures . ”
Jesus loved God’s Word , and he was eager to share it with others .
( a ) How did Jesus acknowledge his submission to God ?
( b ) What does the contrast between Jesus and Herod Agrippa I teach us about Jehovah’s choice of a leader ?
Although Jesus amazed his listeners with “ gracious words , ” he gave credit to his Teacher , Jehovah .
When a rich man tried to glorify Jesus with the title “ Good Teacher , ” Jesus modestly replied : “ Why do you call me good ?
Nobody is good except one , God . ”
What a contrast to Herod Agrippa I , who became king , or leader , of Judea about eight years later !
At a diplomatic function , Herod clothed himself “ with royal raiment . ”
His adoring crowd shouted : “ A god’s voice , and not a man’s ! ”
Herod evidently basked in the praise .
What happened next ?
“ Instantly the angel of Jehovah struck him , because he did not give the glory to God , and he was eaten up with worms and died . ”
Surely , no objective observer could conclude that Herod was chosen by Jehovah to be leader .
Jesus , on the other hand , gave convincing evidence of being appointed by God , and he constantly glorified Jehovah as the Supreme Leader of his people .
What will we discuss in the next article ?
Jesus ’ leadership was not meant to last only a few years .
“ All authority has been given me in heaven and on the earth , ” he declared after his resurrection . “ And look !
I am with you all the days until the conclusion of the system of things . ”
But as an invisible spirit in heaven , how would Jesus lead God’s people on earth ?
Whom would Jehovah use to work under Christ’s leadership and take the lead among His people ?
And how would Christians be able to recognize his representatives ?
The next article will consider the answers to those questions .
This may have been the original document written by Moses .
“ Remember those who are taking the lead among you . ” ​ — HEB .
13 : 7 .
SONGS : 123 , 126
In the first century and today , how have those taking the lead among God’s people been . . .
empowered by holy spirit ?
assisted by angels ?
guided by God’s Word ?
1 , 2 .
After Jesus ’ ascension to heaven , what might his apostles have wondered ?
JESUS ’ apostles stood on the Mount of Olives , gazing at the sky .
They had just seen their master and friend , Jesus , lifted up and obscured by a cloud .
For some two years , Jesus had taught , encouraged , and led them .
Now he was gone .
What would they do ?
Jesus had given his followers a commission : “ You will be witnesses of me in Jerusalem , in all Judea and Samaria , and to the most distant part of the earth . ”
How could they possibly complete that assignment ?
True , Jesus had assured them that they would soon receive holy spirit .
Still , an international preaching campaign required direction and organization .
To direct and organize his people in ancient times , Jehovah used visible representatives .
Hence , the apostles might have wondered , ‘ Will Jehovah now appoint a new leader ? ’
( a ) After Jesus ’ ascension to heaven , what important decision did the faithful apostles make ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
Less than two weeks later , Jesus ’ disciples consulted the Scriptures , prayed for divine direction , and chose Matthias to replace Judas Iscariot as the 12th apostle .
Why was this selection so important to them and to Jehovah ?
Matthias filled a vital organizational need .
* Jesus had selected his apostles not merely to accompany him in his ministry but to play a crucial role among God’s people .
What was that role , and how did Jehovah through Jesus equip them to fill it ?
What similar arrangement exists among God’s people today ?
And how can we “ remember those who are taking the lead ” among us , especially those who make up “ the faithful and discreet slave ” ? ​ — Heb .
13 : 7 ; Matt .
24 : 45 .
What role did the apostles and other elders in Jerusalem play in the first century ?
At Pentecost 33 C.E . , the apostles began to take the lead in the Christian congregation .
On that occasion , “ Peter stood up with the Eleven ” and shared lifesaving truths with a large crowd of Jews and proselytes .
Many of them became believers .
Thereafter , these new Christians “ continued devoting themselves to the teaching of the apostles . ”
The apostles managed the financial resources of the congregation .
They cared for the spiritual needs of God’s people , stating : “ We will devote ourselves to prayer and to the ministry of the word . ”
And they assigned experienced Christians to advance the evangelizing work in new territories .
In time , other anointed elders joined the apostles in administering the affairs of the congregations .
As a governing body , they gave direction to all the congregations . ​ — Acts 15 : 2 .
5 , 6 . ( a ) How did holy spirit empower the governing body ?
( See opening image . ) ( b ) How did angels assist the governing body ?
( c ) How did God’s Word guide the governing body ?
Christians in the first century recognized that the governing body was directed by Jehovah God through their Leader , Jesus .
How could they be sure of this ?
First , holy spirit empowered the governing body .
Holy spirit was poured out on all anointed Christians , but it specifically enabled the apostles and other elders in Jerusalem to fulfill their role as overseers .
For example , in 49 C.E . , holy spirit guided the governing body to make a decision regarding the issue of circumcision .
The congregations followed their direction and “ continued to be made firm in the faith and to increase in number day by day . ”
The letter conveying that decision also reveals that the governing body manifested the fruitage of God’s spirit , including love and faith . ​ — Acts 15 : 11 , 25 - 29 ; Gal .
5 : 22 , 23 .
Second , angels assisted the governing body .
Before Cornelius was baptized as the first uncircumcised Gentile Christian , an angel directed him to send for the apostle Peter .
After Peter preached to Cornelius and his relatives , holy spirit was poured out on them , although the men had not been circumcised .
This prompted the apostles and other brothers to submit to God’s will and accept uncircumcised Gentiles into the Christian congregation .
Moreover , angels actively promoted and accelerated the preaching work that the governing body was overseeing .
Third , God’s Word guided the governing body .
Whether they were settling doctrinal issues or they were giving organizational direction , those spirit - anointed elders were led by the Scriptures . ​ — Acts 1 : 20 - 22 ; 15 : 15 - 20 .
Why can we say that Jesus led the early Christians ?
Although that governing body had authority in the early congregation , they acknowledged that their Leader was Jesus .
“ He [ Christ ] gave some as apostles , ” wrote the apostle Paul .
“ Let us by love grow up in all things into him who is the head , Christ . ”
Instead of naming themselves after a prominent apostle , “ the disciples were by divine providence called Christians . ”
True , Paul acknowledged the importance of “ holding fast the traditions , ” or Scripturally based practices , given by the apostles and other men who took the lead .
Nevertheless , he added : “ But I want you to know that the head of every man [ including every member of the governing body ] is the Christ ; . . . in turn , the head of the Christ is God . ”
Yes , under his Head , Jehovah God , the invisible and glorified Christ Jesus was leading the congregation .
8 , 9 .
Beginning in the late 19th century , what important role did Brother Russell play ?
In the late 19th century , Charles Taze Russell and some of his associates endeavored to reestablish true Christian worship .
To help them disseminate Bible truth in various languages , Zion’s Watch Tower Tract Society was legally incorporated in 1884 , with Brother Russell as president .
* He was an outstanding student of the Bible , and he fearlessly exposed as false such doctrines as the Trinity and the immortality of the soul .
He discerned that Christ would return invisibly and that “ the appointed times of the nations ” would end in 1914 .
Brother Russell devoted his time , energy , and money unsparingly to share these truths with others .
Clearly , at that pivotal time , Brother Russell was used by Jehovah and the head of the congregation .
Brother Russell did not seek glory from humans .
In 1896 , he wrote : “ We want no homage , no reverence , for ourselves or our writings ; nor do we wish to be called Reverend or Rabbi .
Nor do we wish that any should be called by our name . ”
He later stated : “ This is not man’s work . ”
( a ) When did Jesus appoint “ the faithful and discreet slave ” ?
( b ) Relate how the Governing Body has been progressively distinguished from the Watch Tower Society .
In 1919 , three years after Brother Russell’s death , Jesus appointed “ the faithful and discreet slave . ”
For what purpose ?
To give his domestics “ food at the proper time . ”
Even in those early years , a small group of anointed brothers who served at headquarters in Brooklyn , New York , prepared and distributed spiritual food to Jesus ’ followers .
The expression “ governing body ” began appearing in our publications in the 1940 ’ s , when it was understood to be closely connected with the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society .
However , in 1971 , the Governing Body was distinguished from the Watch Tower Society ​ — a legal instrument rather than a Scriptural entity — ​ and its directors .
The Governing Body henceforth included anointed brothers who were not Society directors .
In recent years , responsible brothers of the “ other sheep ” have served as directors of the legal Society and of other corporations used by God’s people , thus allowing the Governing Body to focus on providing spiritual instruction and direction .
The July 15 , 2013 , issue of The Watchtower explained that “ the faithful and discreet slave ” is a small group of anointed brothers who make up the Governing Body .
The governing body , 1950 ’ s
How does the Governing Body function ?
The Governing Body makes important decisions collectively .
How so ?
The members meet weekly , which fosters close communication and unity .
Each year , they rotate chairmanship at those meetings , since no member of the Governing Body is considered to be more important than the other members .
Each of the six committees of the Governing Body rotate chairmanship in the same way .
And each member of that body views himself , not as the leader of his fellow brothers , but as one of the “ domestics , ” fed by the faithful slave and subject to its oversight .
Since its appointment in 1919 , the faithful slave has prepared spiritual food for God’s people ( See paragraphs 10 , 11 )
Since the Governing Body is neither inspired nor infallible , what questions arise ?
The Governing Body is neither inspired nor infallible .
Therefore , it can err in doctrinal matters or in organizational direction .
In fact , the Watch Tower Publications Index includes the heading “ Beliefs Clarified , ” which lists adjustments in our Scriptural understanding since 1870 .
Of course , Jesus did not tell us that his faithful slave would produce perfect spiritual food .
So how can we answer Jesus ’ question : “ Who really is the faithful and discreet slave ? ”
What evidence is there that the Governing Body is filling that role ?
Let us consider the same three factors that directed the governing body in the first century .
How has holy spirit helped the Governing Body ?
Evidence of holy spirit .
The holy spirit has helped the Governing Body to grasp Scriptural truths not previously understood .
For example , reflect on the list of beliefs clarified that was referred to in the preceding paragraph .
Surely , no human deserves credit for discovering and explaining these “ deep things of God ” !
( Read 1 Corinthians 2 : 10 . )
The Governing Body echoes the apostle Paul , who wrote : “ These things we also speak , not with words taught by human wisdom , but with those taught by the spirit . ”
After centuries of apostasy and spiritual darkness , can anything other than holy spirit explain the rapid increase in spiritual understanding since 1919 ?
According to Revelation 14 : 6 , 7 , how do angels assist God’s people today ?
Evidence of angelic assistance .
The Governing Body today has the colossal task of overseeing an international preaching work involving over eight million evangelizers .
Why has that work been so successful ?
For one , angels are involved .
( Read Revelation 14 : 6 , 7 . )
In many cases , publishers have called on individuals who had just been praying for help !
* The overall growth of the preaching and disciple - making work despite fierce opposition in some lands has likewise been possible only with superhuman assistance .
What contrast exists between the Governing Body and Christendom’s leaders ?
Give an example .
Reliance on God’s Word .
( Read John 17 : 17 . )
Consider what occurred in 1973 .
The June 1 issue of The Watchtower asked the question : “ Do . . . persons who have not broken their addiction to tobacco qualify for baptism ? ”
The answer was : “ The Scriptural evidence points to the conclusion that they do not . ”
After citing several relevant scriptures , The Watchtower explained why an unrepentant smoker should be disfellowshipped .
It said : “ This represents no effort to act in an arbitrary , dictatorial manner .
The strictness really proceeds from God , who expresses himself through his written Word . ”
Has any other religious organization been willing to rely fully on God’s Word , even when doing so presents a real challenge to some of its members ?
A recent book on religion in the United States notes : “ Christian leaders have regularly revised their teachings to match the beliefs and opinions gaining support among their members and in the larger society . ”
If those of the Governing Body allow God’s Word rather than popular opinion to guide their decisions , who is really leading God’s people today ?
What is one way to remember the Governing Body ?
Read Hebrews 13 : 7 .
The word rendered “ remember ” can also be translated “ mention . ”
Therefore , one way you can “ remember those who are taking the lead ” is by mentioning the Governing Body in your prayers .
Reflect on their responsibility to supply spiritual food , to oversee the global preaching work , and to manage donated funds .
Surely they need our persistent petitions in their behalf !
17 , 18 . ( a ) How do we cooperate with the Governing Body ?
( b ) How does our preaching support the faithful slave and Jesus ?
Of course , remembering the Governing Body involves not just words but also cooperation with its direction .
The Governing Body provides the direction given in our publications and at our meetings , assemblies , and conventions .
In addition , it appoints circuit overseers , who in turn appoint congregation elders .
Circuit overseers and elders remember the Governing Body by sticking closely to guidelines given to them .
All of us show respect for our Leader , Jesus , by being obedient and submissive to the men he is using to direct us . ​ — Heb .
13 : 17 .
Another way that we remember the Governing Body is by exerting ourselves in the preaching work .
After all , Paul urged Christians to imitate the faith of those taking the lead among them .
The faithful slave has exercised outstanding faith by zealously promoting and spreading the Kingdom good news .
Are you one of the other sheep who supports the anointed in this vital work ?
How happy you will feel when your Leader , Jesus , says : “ To the extent that you did it to one of the least of these my brothers , you did it to me . ” ​ — Matt .
25 : 34 - 40 .
Why are you determined to follow our Leader , Jesus ?
When Jesus returned to heaven , he did not abandon his followers .
He knew firsthand how much the holy spirit , the angels , and God’s Word helped him to take the lead when he was on earth .
Therefore , he has supplied the faithful slave today with the same assistance .
As anointed Christians , the members of that slave “ keep following the Lamb no matter where he goes . ”
As we follow their direction , therefore , we follow our Leader , Jesus .
Soon , he will lead us to everlasting life .
And no human leader can promise that !
Evidently , Jehovah purposed to have 12 apostles form the future “ 12 foundation stones ” of New Jerusalem .
Thus , there was no need to replace any faithful apostle who later finished his earthly course .
Since 1955 , that corporation has been known as the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania .
See “ Bearing Thorough Witness ” About God’s Kingdom , pp . 58 - 59 .
Consider the implications of such a view .
One brother whose son committed suicide asked : ‘ Did Jehovah assess in advance that my wife and I would be capable of enduring our son’s suicide ?
Did it happen because God had determined that we could endure it ? ’
Is there sound reason to believe that Jehovah maneuvers the events of our lives in such specific ways ?
A further consideration of Paul’s words recorded at 1 Corinthians 10 : 13 leads us to this conclusion : There is no Scriptural reason to believe that Jehovah assesses in advance what we can bear and then , based on such an assessment , chooses which trials will befall us .

Let us consider four reasons why we may draw that conclusion .
First , Jehovah gave humans the gift of free will .
He wants us to choose our own course in life .
If we choose the right course , we can look to Jehovah to guide our steps .
But if we choose a wrong course , we will have to face the consequences .
Were Jehovah to choose which trials would come upon us , would he not , in effect , be diminishing the gift of free will ?
Second , Jehovah does not shield us from “ time and unexpected events . ”
Tragic accidents ​ — perhaps with dire consequences — ​ may occur because we are in the wrong place at the wrong time .
Jesus spoke of a tragedy involving 18 people who were killed when a tower fell on them , and he indicated that those fatalities were not as a result of God’s will .
Is it not unreasonable to think that God would determine in advance who lives and who dies as a result of random events ?
Third , each one of us is personally involved in the issue of integrity .
Recall that Satan has challenged the integrity of all those serving Jehovah , claiming that we would not remain loyal to Jehovah when exposed to trials .
If Jehovah prevented us from facing certain trials because he deemed them to be more than we could bear , would that not add weight to Satan’s charge that we serve God out of self - interest ?
Fourth , Jehovah does not have to foreknow everything that happens to us .
The idea that God chooses beforehand which trials we will face implies that he must know everything about our future . But such a view is not Scriptural .
God certainly can foreknow the future .
But the Bible shows that he is selective when it comes to foreknowing future events .
He thus balances his power of foreknowledge with his respect for our free will .
Is that not what we would expect from the God who values our freedom and who always exercises his attributes in perfect balance ? ​ — Deut .
32 : 4 ; 2 Cor .
3 : 17 .
How , then , are we to understand Paul’s words : “ God . . . will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear ” ?
Paul here describes what Jehovah does , not before , but during trials .
* The apostle’s words assure us that no matter what trials may arise in our life , Jehovah will sustain us if we trust in him .
Paul’s comforting words are based on two fundamental truths .
First , the trials we face are “ common to men . ”
Our trials , then , are common to human experience .
Such trials are not beyond our capacity to bear ​ — provided we rely on God .
In the context of 1 Corinthians 10 : 13 , Paul refers to the tests that Israel faced in the wilderness .
None of those trials were beyond human experience or above the ability of faithful Israelites to bear .
Paul four times says that “ some of them ” disobeyed .
Sadly , some Israelites gave in to wrong desires because they failed to rely on God .
Second , “ God is faithful . ”
The record of God’s dealings with his people demonstrates that he gives his loyal love to “ those who love him and keep his commandments . ”
That record also shows that God always keeps his promises .
In view of his past record of faithfulness , those who love him and obey him can trust that he will keep this twofold promise regarding trials they may face : ( 1 ) He will not allow any trial to develop to a point that would make it impossible to bear , and ( 2 ) “ he will . . . make the way out ” for them .
Jehovah “ comforts us in all our trials ”
How does Jehovah make the way out for those who rely on him in the face of trials ?
Of course , if it be his will , he can simply remove a trial .
But recall Paul’s words : “ He [ Jehovah ] will also make the way out so that you may be able to endure it . ”
Hence , in many cases , he makes “ the way out ” by providing what we need so that we can endure trials successfully .
Consider some of the ways that Jehovah may make the way out for us :
He “ comforts us in all our trials . ”
Jehovah can soothe our mind , our heart , and our emotions by means of his Word , his holy spirit , and the spiritual food dispensed by the faithful slave . ​ — Matt .
24 : 45 ; John 14 : 16 , ftn . , Rom .
15 : 4 . He may guide us by means of holy spirit .
When trials arise , the spirit can help us to remember Bible accounts and principles and then discern the wise steps to take .
He can use his angels in our behalf . ​ — Heb .
1 : 14 .
He can help us through fellow worshippers who by their words and deeds can be “ a strengthening aid ” to us . ​ — Col . 4 : 11 , ftn .
What , then , may we conclude about the meaning of Paul’s words recorded at 1 Corinthians 10 : 13 ?
Jehovah does not pick and choose the trials we face .
But when trials do arise in our life , we can be certain of this : If we fully trust in Jehovah , he will never allow our trials to go beyond the limit of human endurance ; he will always make a way out so that we can endure them .
What a comforting thought that is !
The Greek word rendered “ temptation ” may denote “ test , trial . ”
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
A brother uses the Bible to share the Kingdom message with two villagers in the central highlands of Ethiopia .
The men wear the handwoven cotton shawls typical of the area
POPULATION
PUBLISHERS
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ I have spoken , and I will bring it about .
I have purposed it , and I will also carry it out . ” ​ — ISA .
46 : 11 .
SONGS : 25 , 18
What is Jehovah’s purpose for mankind ?
What rebellious actions did not defeat Jehovah’s purpose ?
How will Jehovah’s purpose be fulfilled ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What has Jehovah revealed to us ?
( b ) What assurance do we find at Isaiah 46 : 10 , 11 and 55 : 11 ?
THE very first words of the Bible make this simple but profound statement : “ In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth . ”
It is true that we have only a little understanding of the many things God created , such as space , light , and gravity , and we have seen only a small fraction of the universe .
Yet , Jehovah has revealed to us his purpose for the earth and for mankind .
The earth was to be an ideal home for men and women created in God’s image .
They would be his children , and Jehovah would be their Father .
As explained in the third chapter of Genesis , Jehovah’s purpose encountered a challenge .
However , that challenge was by no means insurmountable .
No one can stand in Jehovah’s way .
Therefore , we can be certain that Jehovah’s original purpose will be fulfilled exactly on time !
( a ) What truths are fundamental to our understanding of the Bible’s message ?
( b ) Why do we review such teachings now ?
( c ) What questions will we consider ?
No doubt , we are familiar with Bible truths about God’s purpose for the earth and mankind and about the central role of Jesus Christ in the outworking of God’s purpose .
They are of fundamental importance and are likely among the first truths we learned when we began to study God’s Word .
We , in turn , want to help sincere people to become familiar with these vital teachings .
Currently , as we are considering this article as a congregation , we are striving to invite as many people as possible to the Memorial of Christ’s death .
Those who attend will learn much regarding God’s purpose .
So in these last few days before the Memorial , it is timely that we think about specific questions that we can use to stimulate the interest of our Bible students and other sincere individuals in this important event .
We will consider three questions : What was God’s original purpose for the earth and mankind ?
What went wrong ?
And why is Jesus ’ ransom sacrifice the key that unlocks the door for God’s purpose to be accomplished ?
How does creation declare Jehovah’s glory ?
Jehovah is an awe - inspiring Creator .
Everything he creates meets the highest standards .
What can we learn from the beauty and order that are evident in creation ?
When observing creation , we are impressed with the way all of Jehovah’s creative works , small and large , serve a beneficial purpose .
Who does not marvel at the intricacies of the human cell , the delicateness of a newborn baby , or the splendor of a gorgeous sunset ?
We admire these creations because we have a built - in sense of what is truly beautiful . ​ — Read Psalm 19 : 1 ; 104 : 24 .
How does Jehovah ensure that all creation functions harmoniously ?
As is evident in creation , Jehovah lovingly set boundaries . He made both natural laws and moral laws to ensure that everything functions harmoniously .
Hence , all things in the universe have an assigned place and function according to their role in God’s purpose .
Jehovah sets the standard for how his creation should work together .
Thus , the law of gravity holds the atmosphere close to the earth , regulates tides and oceans , and contributes to the physical order essential to life on earth .
All creation , including humans , moves and functions within these boundaries .
Clearly , the order in creation testifies that God has a purpose for earth and mankind .
In our ministry , can we draw attention to the Cause of this impressive order ? ​ — Rev .
4 : 11 .
6 , 7 .
What are some gifts that Jehovah gave Adam and Eve ?
Jehovah’s original purpose was for mankind to live forever here on earth .
He generously gave Adam and Eve a variety of precious gifts that enabled them to enjoy life .
( Read James 1 : 17 . )
Jehovah gave them free will , the ability to reason , and the capacity to love and to enjoy friendship .
The Creator spoke to Adam and instructed him on how to show his obedience .
Adam also learned how to take care of his needs and how to care for the animals and the land .
Jehovah also created Adam and Eve with the senses of taste , touch , sight , sound , and smell .
Thus they could enjoy to the full the beauty and bounty of their Paradise home .
For the first human pair , the possibilities for satisfying work , accomplishment , and discovery were endless .
What else was part of God’s purpose ?
Jehovah created Adam and Eve with the ability to have perfect children .
God had in mind for their children to have children , until the human family filled the whole earth .
He wanted Adam and Eve and all parents after them to love their children as Jehovah loved his first perfect human children .
Earth , with all its resources , was to become their permanent home . ​ — Ps . 115 : 16 .
What purpose was served by the law found at Genesis 2 : 16 , 17 ?
Things did not immediately work out as God had purposed .
Why not ?
Jehovah gave Adam and Eve a simple law that served to test whether they recognized the limits of their freedom .
He said : “ From every tree of the garden you may eat to satisfaction . But as for the tree of the knowledge of good and bad , you must not eat from it , for in the day you eat from it you will certainly die . ”
It was not hard for Adam and Eve to understand this law ; nor was it a hardship for them to obey it . After all , they had more food available than they could eat .
9 , 10 . ( a ) What accusation did Satan hurl against Jehovah ?
( b ) What did Adam and Eve decide ?
( See opening image . )
Satan the Devil , using a serpent , fooled Eve into disobeying her Father , Jehovah .
( Read Genesis 3 : 1 - 5 ; Rev .
12 : 9 ) Satan made an issue of the fact that God’s human children were not allowed to eat “ from every tree of the garden . ”
It was as if he were saying : ‘ You mean you cannot do what you want ? ’
Next , he told a blatant lie : “ You certainly will not die . ”
Then he tried to convince Eve that she need not listen to God , saying : “ God knows that in the very day you eat from it , your eyes will be opened . ”
Satan implied that Jehovah did not want them to eat the fruit because doing so would enlighten them .
Further , Satan made this false promise : “ You will be like God , knowing good and bad . ”
Now Adam and Eve had to decide what to do .
Would they obey Jehovah , or would they listen to the serpent ?
They decided to disobey God .
By doing so , they joined Satan’s rebellion .
They rejected Jehovah as their Father and estranged themselves from the security of his protective rule . ​ — Gen .
3 : 6 - 13 .
Why does Jehovah not tolerate rebellion ?
By rebelling against Jehovah , Adam and Eve lost their perfection .
Moreover , their rebellion resulted in alienation from Jehovah because his “ eyes are too pure to look on what is evil . ”
Therefore , he “ cannot tolerate wickedness . ”
If he had tolerated it , the well - being of all living creatures ​ — in heaven and on earth — ​ would be threatened .
Above all , had God done nothing about the sin committed in Eden , his own trustworthiness would have been called into question .
But Jehovah is faithful to his own standards ; he never violates them .
Thus , having free will did not entitle Adam and Eve to disregard God’s law .
As a consequence of rebelling against Jehovah , they died and returned to the dust from which they had been created . ​ — Gen .
3 : 19 .
What happened to Adam’s children ?
When Adam and Eve ate of that fruit , they put themselves in a position where they could no longer be accepted as members of God’s universal family .
God expelled them from Eden , and they had no hope of ever returning .
In doing so , Jehovah justly made them face the consequences of their own decision .
( Read Deuteronomy 32 : 4 , 5 . )
No longer perfect , man could not reflect God’s qualities perfectly .
Adam not only lost a marvelous future for himself but also handed down to his children imperfection , sin , and death .
He deprived his offspring of the prospect of life without end .
Furthermore , Adam and Eve could no longer have a perfect child ; neither could any of their children have a perfect child .
After turning Adam and Eve away from God , Satan the Devil has continued to mislead mankind until today . ​ — John 8 : 44 .
What does Jehovah want for mankind ?
God’s love for humans , however , endures .
Despite Adam and Eve’s rebellion , Jehovah wants mankind to enjoy a good relationship with him .
He does not desire any to die .
So right after the rebellion , God made arrangements to enable humans to restore their friendship with him while he at the same time maintained his own righteous standards .
How did Jehovah accomplish this ?
( a ) According to John 3 : 16 , what provision did God make to restore mankind ?
( b ) What question might we consider with interested ones ?
Read John 3 : 16 .
Many whom we invite to the Memorial will know this verse by heart .
But the question is , How does Jesus ’ sacrifice make everlasting life possible ?
The Memorial campaign , the Memorial itself , and the calls we later make on those who attended may provide us with the opportunity to help sincere truth - seekers to understand the answer to that important question .
Such ones may be impressed when they begin to understand to a fuller degree how Jehovah’s love and wisdom are expressed by the ransom provision .
What points about the ransom could we highlight ?
How did the man Jesus differ from the man Adam ?
Jehovah provided a perfect man who could become the ransomer .
That perfect man would need to be loyal to Jehovah and be willing to give his life in exchange for doomed humanity .
Jehovah transferred the life of his very first creation from heaven to earth .
Jesus thus became a perfect human , just as Adam had been .
But unlike Adam , Jesus lived up to the standard Jehovah expected from a perfect man .
Even under the most extreme tests , Jesus never sinned nor broke any of God’s laws .
Why is the ransom such a precious gift ?
As a perfect man , Jesus could save humankind from sin and death by dying in their behalf .
He corresponded exactly to all that Adam should have been ​ — a perfect man , absolutely loyal and obedient to God .
Jesus became the ransom sacrifice that opened the way to endless life “ for many ” ​ — men , women , and children .
Indeed , the ransom is the key that unlocks the door to the fulfillment of God’s original purpose .
The ransom gives all faithful humans the prospect of everlasting life .
What does the ransom make possible ?
Jehovah provided the ransom at great cost to himself .

He values humanity so highly that he was willing to let his only - begotten Son die in our behalf .
In a sense , Jesus takes the place of our original human father , Adam .
By doing so , Jesus restores more than life ; he gives us the opportunity to return eventually to God’s family .
Yes , on the basis of Jesus ’ sacrifice , Jehovah can accept humans back into his family without compromising his righteousness .
Is it not heartwarming to think of a time when all faithful humans will be brought to perfection ?
There will be complete unity between the heavenly and earthly parts of his family . In the fullest sense , we will all be children of God . ​ — Rom .
8 : 21 .
When will Jehovah become “ all things to everyone ” ?
Satan’s rebellion did not stop Jehovah from extending his love to mankind , nor can it prevent even imperfect humans from being loyal to Jehovah .
Through his provision of the ransom , Jehovah will help all of his children to become completely righteous .
Imagine what life will be like when everyone “ who recognizes the Son and exercises faith ” will have everlasting life .
With great love and wisdom , Jehovah will bring the human family to perfection , according to his original purpose .
Jehovah , our Father , will then become “ all things to everyone . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 28 .
( a ) Gratitude for the ransom should move us to do what ?
( See the box “ Let Us Keep Searching Out Deserving Ones . ” ) ( b ) What aspect of the ransom will we consider next ?
Gratitude for the ransom should motivate us to do all we can to make others aware that they can benefit from that priceless gift .
People need to know that the ransom is the means by which Jehovah lovingly offers all mankind the prospect of everlasting life .
Still , the ransom accomplished even more than that .
The next article will consider how Jesus ’ sacrifice also addresses the moral issues that were raised by Satan back in the garden of Eden .
THE Memorial invitation is one of the most widely circulated publications that we print .
Last year , we produced some 440,000,000 copies in more than 530 languages .
Do you still have some printed copies of this year’s invitation that you could distribute before the Memorial ?
One of the remaining invitations that you have might help a deserving one to make the decision to attend the Memorial .
Who knows ? ​ — Matt .
10 : 11 .
“ Every good gift and every perfect present is from . . . the Father . ” ​ — JAS .
1 : 17 .
SONGS : 20 , 15
the sanctification of Jehovah’s name ?
the rule of God’s Kingdom ?
the accomplishment of God’s purpose ?
The ransom arrangement makes possible what blessings ?
MANY are the blessings made possible by the ransom sacrifice of Jesus Christ .
The ransom arrangement opens the door for all those of Adam’s children who love righteousness eventually to become part of God’s family .
The ransom also makes it possible for us to have the opportunity to live forever in happiness .
Still , Christ’s ransom does more than provide a blessed future for obedient mankind .
Jesus ’ willingness to die while upholding Jehovah’s righteousness addresses matters of universal importance . ​ — Heb .
1 : 8 , 9 .
( a ) What matters of universal importance are found in Jesus ’ prayer ?
( See opening image . ) ( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
Some two years before Jesus died and provided the ransom sacrifice , he taught his disciples to pray : “ Our Father in the heavens , let your name be sanctified .
Let your Kingdom come . Let your will take place , as in heaven , also on earth . ”
To heighten our appreciation for the ransom , let us consider how it relates to the sanctification of God’s name , the rule of God’s Kingdom , and the accomplishment of God’s purpose .
What does Jehovah’s name embrace , and how did Satan slander that sacred name ?
Jesus mentioned the sanctification of God’s name as the first request in his model prayer .
Jehovah’s name embraces the full scope of His excellence , majesty , and holiness .
In another prayer , Jesus addressed Jehovah as “ Holy Father . ”
Since Jehovah is holy , all principles and laws that originate with him are holy .
In spite of this , in the garden of Eden , Satan slyly questioned God’s right to set standards for humans .
By lying about Jehovah , Satan slandered God’s sacred name . ​ — Gen .
3 : 1 - 5 .
How did Jesus contribute to the sanctification of God’s name ?
Jesus , on the other hand , truly loved the name of Jehovah .
Jesus contributed to the sanctification of the divine name .
( Read Psalm 40 : 8 - 10 . )
By his perfect life course on earth , Jesus proved that it is reasonable and righteous for Jehovah to set standards for his intelligent creatures .
Even when Satan subjected Jesus to an agonizing death , Jesus remained completely loyal to his heavenly Father .
By being loyal , Jesus proved that a perfect human could maintain perfect obedience to God’s righteous standards .
How can we share in sanctifying God’s name ?
How can we show that we love Jehovah’s name ?
By our conduct .
Jehovah requires that we be holy .
( Read 1 Peter 1 : 15 , 16 . )
This means that we worship only Jehovah and that we obey him with our whole heart .
Even when we are persecuted , we do our best to live according to his righteous principles and laws .
By performing righteous deeds , we let our light shine and thus bring glory to Jehovah’s name .
As holy people , we prove by the way we live our lives that Jehovah’s laws are good and that Satan’s accusations are false .
When we make mistakes , as we all do , we genuinely repent and turn away from practices that dishonor Jehovah . ​ — Ps .
79 : 9 .
Why can Jehovah view us as righteous , even though we are imperfect ?
On the basis of Christ’s sacrifice , Jehovah forgives the sins of those who exercise faith .
He accepts as his worshippers those who dedicate themselves to him .
Jehovah declares anointed Christians righteous as his sons and those of the “ other sheep ” righteous as his friends .
So even now , the ransom enables us to have a righteous standing with our Father and to share in the sanctification of his name .
What blessings under Kingdom rule does the ransom make possible ?
In the model prayer , Jesus next petitioned God : “ Let your Kingdom come . ”
How does the ransom relate to the Kingdom of God ?
The ransom makes possible the gathering of 144,000 to serve as kings and priests with Christ in heaven .
Jesus and his corulers , who together make up God’s Kingdom , will administer the benefits of the ransom to obedient mankind over a period of a thousand years .
The earth will be transformed into a paradise , and all faithful humans will be lifted to perfection , fully uniting the heavenly and earthly parts of God’s family .
Jesus will crush the serpent’s head and erase from the universe all traces of Satan’s rebellion . ​ — Gen .
3 : 15 .
( a ) How did Jesus help his disciples to see the importance of God’s Kingdom ?
( b ) How do we show our support for the Kingdom today ?
While on earth , Jesus helped his disciples to see the importance of God’s Kingdom .
Immediately after his baptism , Jesus proclaimed “ the good news of the Kingdom of God ” far and wide .
In his last words to his disciples before he returned to heaven , Jesus instructed them to be witnesses of him “ to the most distant part of the earth . ”
By means of the Kingdom - preaching work , people throughout the earth would have an opportunity to learn about the ransom and become subjects of God’s Kingdom .
Today , we show our support for the Kingdom by assisting Christ’s brothers on earth in carrying out the commission to preach the good news of the Kingdom worldwide . ​ — Matt .
24 : 14 ; 25 : 40 .
Why can we be confident that Jehovah will fulfill his purpose for mankind ?
What did Jesus mean when he next said : “ Let your will take place ” ?
Jehovah is the Creator .
Once he gives the word for something to happen , it is as good as done .
He will not allow Satan’s rebellion to derail His purpose for mankind .
From the beginning , it was Jehovah’s will for the earth to be filled with the perfect children of Adam and Eve .
Had Adam and Eve died childless , God’s purpose to fill the earth with their offspring would have come to nothing .
Thus , after Adam and Eve sinned , Jehovah allowed them to have children .
Through the ransom , God gives all who exercise faith the opportunity to reach perfection and live forever .
Jehovah loves people , and it is his will that obedient humans live the way he intended .
How does the ransom benefit humans who have died ?
What about the billions of people who died without ever having an opportunity to know and serve Jehovah ?
The ransom makes possible the resurrection of the dead .
Our loving heavenly Father will bring them back to life and give them an opportunity to learn about his purpose and to gain everlasting life .
Jehovah wants people to live , not die .
As the Source of life , he becomes the Father of everyone who is resurrected .
How appropriate , therefore , that Jesus taught us to pray : “ Our Father in the heavens . ”
Jehovah has given Jesus an important share in resurrecting the dead .
In Paradise , Jesus will fulfill his role as “ the resurrection and the life . ” ​ — John 11 : 25 .
What is God’s will for the “ great crowd ” ?
Jehovah’s generosity is not limited to a few privileged people , for Jesus said : “ Whoever does the will of God , this one is my brother and sister and mother . ”
It is God’s will that a numberless “ great crowd ” from all nations and tribes and tongues become his worshippers .
Those who exercise faith in Christ’s ransom and who do the will of God can be among those who shout : “ Salvation we owe to our God , who is seated on the throne , and to the Lamb . ” ​ — Rev .
7 : 9 , 10 .
How is Jehovah’s purpose for obedient mankind reflected in the model prayer ?
Jehovah’s purpose for obedient mankind is reflected in the petitions found in Jesus ’ model prayer .
In harmony with this prayer , we want to do our utmost to sanctify , or treat as holy , Jehovah’s name .
Jesus ’ own name means “ Jehovah Is Salvation , ” and our salvation by means of the ransom brings honor and glory to Jehovah’s name . God’s Kingdom will be used to apply the benefits of the ransom to obedient mankind .
Indeed , the model prayer assures us that nothing can stop the will of God from taking place . ​ — Ps .
135 : 6 ; Isa .
46 : 9 , 10 .
What do we show by our baptism ?
One important way in which we show gratitude for the ransom is by dedicating ourselves to Jehovah on the basis of our faith in the ransom and getting baptized .
Our baptism shows that “ we belong to Jehovah . ” It represents our request to God for a good conscience .
Jehovah responds to that request by applying the cleansing blood of Christ’s sacrifice to us .
We are fully confident that he will give us all that he has promised . ​ — Rom .
8 : 32 .
In what ways do we show our gratitude for the ransom ?
( See paragraphs 13 , 14 )
Why are we commanded to love our neighbor ?
What is yet another way to show our gratitude for the ransom ?
Since everything Jehovah does is influenced by love , it is his will that all his worshippers display love as their dominant quality .
We prove that we desire to be “ sons of [ our ] Father who is in the heavens ” by loving our neighbor .
The command to love our neighbor is second only to the command to love Jehovah .
One important way that we show such love for neighbor is by obeying the command to preach the good news of God’s Kingdom .
As we show love for fellow humans , we reflect God’s glory .
In fact , love for God is “ made perfect in us ” when we obey the command to love others , especially our brothers . ​ — 1 John 4 : 12 , 20 .
( a ) What blessings do we now receive from Jehovah ?
( b ) What blessings await us ?
The door to complete forgiveness opens to us when we exercise faith in the ransom .
God’s Word assures us that our sins can be “ blotted out . ”
( Read Acts 3 : 19 - 21 . )
As we considered earlier , on the basis of the ransom , Jehovah adopts his spirit - anointed servants as his children .
As to those of us who are of the “ other sheep , ” it is as though Jehovah has drawn up an adoption certificate with our name on it .
After we have reached perfection and have passed the final test , Jehovah will be delighted to sign the certificate , as it were , and adopt us as his beloved earthly children .
Jehovah’s love for his precious children is everlasting .
The benefits of the ransom last forever .
This gift will never lose its value .
No person or power can take it away from us .
How does the ransom enable us to be truly free ?
There is nothing that the Devil can do to prevent all who genuinely repent from eventually becoming part of Jehovah’s family .
Jesus came to earth and died “ once for all time . ”
Thus the ransom has been paid permanently .
It completely cancels the condemnation inherited from Adam .
Thanks to Christ’s sacrifice , we are free from enslavement to this world under Satan’s control , and we no longer live in fear of death . ​ — Heb .
2 : 14 , 15 .
What does Jehovah’s love mean to you ?
God’s promises are absolutely reliable .
Just as his laws of creation never fail , Jehovah will never fail us .
He does not change .
Jehovah gives us far more than just the gift of life .
He gives us his love .
“ We have come to know and believe the love that God has for us .
God is love . ”
The whole earth will be made a paradise of exquisite delight , and everyone on earth will reflect God’s love .
May we join our voices with those of God’s faithful heavenly creatures in saying : “ Let the praise and the glory and the wisdom and the thanksgiving and the honor and the power and the strength be to our God forever and ever .
Amen . ” ​ — Rev .
7 : 12 .
Pioneers George Rollston and Arthur Willis stop to fill up their car’s radiator . ​ — Northern Territory , 1933
FROM OUR ARCHIVES
ON MARCH 26 , 1937 , two travel - weary men slowly drove their dusty truck into Sydney , Australia .
Since leaving the city a year earlier , they had traveled more than 12,000 miles ( 19,300 km ) through some of the most remote and rugged regions of the continent .
The men were not explorers or adventurers .
Arthur Willis and Bill Newlands were just two of the zealous pioneers determined to take the good news of God’s Kingdom to the vast Australian outback .
Up until the late 1920 ’ s , the small number of Bible Students * in Australia had preached mostly in and around the coastal cities and towns .
Inland lay the sparsely populated outback , an arid region over half the size of the United States .
The brothers , however , were keenly aware that Jesus ’ followers were to bear witness about him “ to the most distant part of the earth , ” including the remote Australian outback .
But how could they accomplish such an enormous task ?
With full faith that Jehovah would bless their efforts , they were determined to do their best .
In 1929 , congregations in Queensland and Western Australia built several well - equipped motor vans to cover their inland regions .
The vans were manned by hardy pioneers who could handle the rough conditions and repair the vehicles when they broke down .
These pioneers visited many places that had never before received a witness .
Pioneers who could not afford a vehicle headed into the outback on bicycle .
For example , in 1932 , 23 - year - old Bennett Brickell set out from Rockhampton , Queensland , on a five - month preaching trip through the remote northern part of that state .
On his heavy - laden bicycle , he carried blankets , clothing , food , and a large number of books .
When his bicycle tires wore out , he pressed on , confident that Jehovah would guide him .
He pushed his bicycle the final 200 miles ( 320 km ) through areas where men had previously perished from thirst .
Over the next 30 years , Brother Brickell traveled hundreds of thousands of miles throughout Australia by bicycle , motorcycle , and car .
He opened up the preaching work among the Aborigines and helped to establish new congregations , becoming well - known and respected throughout the outback .
Australia has one of the lowest population densities in the world , and especially is the outback sparsely populated .
Thus , Jehovah’s people have shown determination to find individuals in remote parts of the continent .
Pioneers Stuart Keltie and William Torrington demonstrated that sort of determination .
In 1933 , they crossed the Simpson Desert , a vast sand dune desert , to preach in the town of Alice Springs , in the heart of the continent .
When their small car broke down and had to be abandoned , Brother Keltie ​ — who had a wooden leg — ​ continued his preaching trip , but now using a camel !
The pioneers ’ efforts bore fruit when they met a hotelkeeper at William Creek , a remote railway stop .
The hotelkeeper , Charles Bernhardt , later accepted the truth , sold his hotel , and pioneered alone for 15 years in some of the driest and most isolated parts of Australia .
Arthur Willis is getting ready to leave on a preaching trip in the vast Australian outback . ​ — Perth , Western Australia , 1936
The early pioneers certainly needed courage and tenacity to overcome the many challenges they faced .
On their preaching expedition in the Australian outback , Arthur Willis and Bill Newlands , mentioned in the introduction , once labored for two weeks to travel 20 miles ( 32 km ) because heavy rains had turned the desert into a sea of mud .
At times , sweating and straining in blazing heat to push their truck over huge dunes , they went through rocky valleys and across sandy riverbeds .
When their truck broke down , which happened often , they walked or cycled for days to the nearest town and then waited for weeks for replacement parts to arrive .
Despite such adversities , a positive spirit was maintained .
Arthur Willis , in paraphrasing a statement once made in The Golden Age magazine , later declared : “ No road too rough or too long for His witnesses . ”
Longtime pioneer Charles Harris explained that the isolation and physical hardships of the outback actually drew him closer to Jehovah .
He added : “ Life is far better traversed with as little baggage as possible .
If Jesus was willing to sleep under the stars when necessary , then we should be happy to do the same if our assignment requires it . ”
And that is what many pioneers did .
Thanks to their tireless efforts , the good news penetrated every corner of the continent , helping countless individuals to take their stand for God’s Kingdom .
The Bible Students adopted the name Jehovah’s Witnesses in 1931 . ​ — Isa .
43 : 10 .
3 Life Story ​ — I Have Benefited From Walking With Wise Ones
8 Give Honor to Whom It Is Due
Christians need to have a balanced view of how to show respect and honor .
To whom is honor due ?
Why ?
This article will help us to answer those questions , and it also highlights the benefits of rendering honor to those to whom it is due .
13 Exercise Faith ​ — Decide Wisely !
According to the Bible , we should not be unsteady , unable to decide .
But why do we need to make wise decisions ?
What will help us to do so ?
And should we at times change a decision that we have made ?
This article will help us to answer those questions .
18 Serve Jehovah With a Complete Heart !
23 Will You Apply Your Heart to the Things Written ?
Being imperfect , all of us make mistakes .
However , does that mean we cannot please Jehovah ?
In these two articles , we will discuss the examples of four kings of Judah and the mistakes they made , some of which were very serious .
Yet , Jehovah viewed those kings as having a complete heart .
Will God view us as having a complete heart , despite mistakes we make ?
28 Being a Friend When Friendship Is in Danger
32 A Bible Name on an Ancient Jar
LIFE STORY
As told by William Samuelson
ON A crisp morning in Brookings , South Dakota , U.S.A . , a chill lingered in the air .
It reminded me that freezing weather would soon take control of the area .
You might be surprised to know , however , that on that very day , a small group of us were shivering in an unheated barn .
We were standing before a livestock watering trough that was partially filled with cold water !
Let me tell you some personal history so that you will understand why .
Uncle Alfred and my father
I was born on March 7 , 1936 , the youngest of four children .
We lived on a small farm in eastern South Dakota .
Farming was an important part of our family’s life , but it was not the most important part .
My parents got baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses in 1934 .
They had made a dedication to our heavenly Father , Jehovah , so doing God’s will was their first priority .
My dad , Clarence , and later my uncle Alfred , served as company servant ( now called coordinator of the body of elders ) in our small congregation in Conde , South Dakota .
Attending Christian meetings and going from house to house to tell others about the Bible’s marvelous hope for the future was a regular part of our family’s routine .
My parents ’ example and the training they gave us had a deep , favorable impact on us children .
My sister , Dorothy , and I became Kingdom publishers when we were six .
In 1943 , I joined the Theocratic Ministry School , which had just become a feature of our meetings .
Pioneering in 1952
Conventions and assemblies were an important part of our lives .
Brother Grant Suiter was the visiting speaker at a convention in 1949 at Sioux Falls , South Dakota .
I can still remember his talk , “ It Is Later Than You Think ! ”
He emphasized that all dedicated Christians need to use their lives to the full in proclaiming the good news of God’s established Kingdom .
That motivated me to make my dedication to Jehovah .
At the next circuit assembly , at Brookings , I found myself in that chilly barn , as described earlier , waiting to get baptized .
The galvanized steel trough was the baptismal “ pool ” for four of us on November 12 , 1949 .
I then made the pioneer ministry my goal .
I began pioneering on January 1 , 1952 , when I was 15 .
The Bible says : “ The one walking with the wise will become wise , ” and there were many wise ones in my family who supported my decision to pioneer .
Uncle Julius , who was 60 years old , became my pioneer partner .
Despite our age difference , we had very enjoyable times together in the ministry .
I gleaned much profitable wisdom from his experience in life .
Dorothy soon became a pioneer too .
Throughout my youth , my parents invited many circuit overseers and their wives to stay with us .
One couple , Jesse and Lynn Cantwell , helped me greatly .
It was , in part , due to their encouragement that I decided to pioneer .
Their personal interest fostered in me a real desire to set theocratic goals .
When they were serving congregations nearby , they sometimes invited me to go with them in the ministry .
How pleasurable and upbuilding that was !
Bud Miller and his wife , Joan , next served us in the traveling work .
By then I was 18 years old and facing the question of military service .
My local draft board initially classified me in a way that I felt was not in accord with Jesus ’ admonition for his followers to be neutral as to politics .
And I wanted to preach the good news of the Kingdom .
I appealed to the draft board to be classified as a minister .
It touched me that Brother Miller volunteered to go with me to the draft board hearing .
By nature , he was very outgoing and not easily intimidated .
How it bolstered my confidence to have at my side a spiritual man of his character !
As a result of that hearing , in the late summer of 1954 , the board recognized me as a minister .
That opened the way for me to reach another theocratic goal .
As a new Bethelite , with a farm truck
About this time , I received an invitation to serve at Bethel , at what was then called Watchtower Farm , on Staten Island , New York .
I was privileged to serve there for about three years .
That led to many wonderful experiences because I met many wise ones and worked with them .
At WBBR with Brother Franz
The farm on Staten Island included the radio station WBBR .
That was operated by Jehovah’s Witnesses from 1924 to 1957 .
Only 15 to 20 members of the Bethel family were assigned to the farm .
Most of us were young and quite inexperienced .
But with us was Eldon Woodworth , an older anointed brother .
He truly proved to be a wise one .
His fatherly interest in us was spiritually stabilizing .
When on occasion the imperfections of others proved challenging , Brother Woodworth would say , “ It sure is marvelous what the Lord has done with what he has to work with . ”
Harry Peterson had outstanding zeal for the ministry
We had the special privilege of having Brother Frederick W .
Franz with us too .
His wisdom and exceptional knowledge of the Scriptures were a positive influence on all of us , and he took a personal interest in each of us .
Our cook was Harry Peterson ; it was easier for us to use that last name than his real one , Papargyropoulos .
He too was one of the anointed and had outstanding zeal for the ministry .
Brother Peterson did his work at Bethel well but never neglected the field ministry .
He would place hundreds of our magazines each month .
He also had a wealth of Scriptural knowledge , answering many of our questions .
The farm produce was processed at an on - site cannery .
About 45,000 quarts ( 42,600 L ) of fruits and vegetables a year were canned for the entire Bethel family .
In this connection , I was privileged to serve with Etta Huth , a truly wise sister .
She was responsible for the recipes that we used in our canning .
During the canning season , local sisters came to assist , and Etta would help organize their work .
Though Etta played a key role in the canning process , she was careful to set a fine example of respect for the brothers in oversight on the farm .
I viewed her as a fine example of submission to theocratic headship .
With Angela and Etta Huth
Angela Romano was one of the young sisters who came to help with the canning .
Etta had assisted her when she came into the truth .
Thus , while serving at Bethel , I met another wise one , whom I have now walked with for 58 years .
Angie and I were married in April 1958 , and we have enjoyed many privileges of service together .
Through the years , Angie’s uncompromising loyalty to Jehovah has been a source of strength in our marriage .
I can absolutely rely on her , no matter what challenges we face .
When the WBBR facilities on Staten Island were sold in 1957 , I served at Brooklyn Bethel for a short time .
Then Angie and I married , so I left Bethel , and for about three years , we pioneered on Staten Island .
For a time , I even worked for the new owners of the radio station , which used the call letters WPOW .
Angie and I were determined to keep our life simple so that we could be ready to serve wherever we were needed .
As a result , in early 1961 we were in a position to accept an assignment as special pioneers in Falls City , Nebraska .
No sooner had we made that adjustment than we were invited to attend Kingdom Ministry School , at that time a one - month course of instruction at South Lansing , New York .
We enjoyed the schooling and expected to use our training back in Nebraska .
We were therefore surprised to receive a new assignment ​ — as missionaries in Cambodia !
This beautiful land in Southeast Asia exposed us to exotic sights , sounds , and aromas that were different from anything we had ever experienced .
We eagerly wanted to spread the good news there .
However , the political situation changed , and we had to relocate to South Vietnam .
Sadly , within two years I developed serious medical problems , so we were urged to return to our homeland .
I needed some time to regain my strength , but once I did , we again took up the full - time service .
With Angela in 1975 , before a television interview
In March 1965 we were privileged to begin serving congregations in the traveling work .
For 33 years , Angie and I enjoyed both circuit and district work , including a good deal of preconvention and convention work .
Conventions had always been a highlight for me , so it was delightful to help organize these events .
For some years we were in the New York City area , and a number of the conventions were held at Yankee Stadium .
As has been true for many in the special full - time ministry , exciting and challenging assignments awaited Angie and me .
For example , in 1995 , I was asked to teach the Ministerial Training School .
Three years later , we were invited to Bethel .
It was a real joy to be back where I had started my special full - time service over 40 years earlier .
For a time , I worked in the Service Department and as an instructor in a number of the schools .
In 2007 the Governing Body placed the schools taught at Bethel under the new Theocratic Schools Department , and for some years I was privileged to be the overseer .
We have recently seen a number of significant adjustments in the field of theocratic education .
The School for Congregation Elders was inaugurated in 2008 .
Over the next two years , more than 12,000 elders were taught at Patterson and at Brooklyn Bethel .
That school is continuing at various other locations , with trained field instructors .
In 2010 the Ministerial Training School was renamed the Bible School for Single Brothers , and a new school was formed , the Bible School for Christian Couples .
Starting in the 2015 service year , those two schools were combined , forming the School for Kingdom Evangelizers .
Those being instructed could be couples or single brothers or sisters .
Many around the globe were thrilled to hear that this school would be held in many branches .
It is exciting to see the opportunities for theocratic education expand , and I am so grateful to have met many who make themselves available for this training .
Looking back on my life from before I got baptized in that watering trough until now , I thank Jehovah for the wise ones who assisted me in the way of the truth .
They were not all of my age or from my cultural background .
But inside , at heart , they were spiritual people .
Their deep love for Jehovah was evident by their actions and attitudes .
In his organization , we have many wise ones with whom we can walk .
I have done so and have truly benefited .
I enjoy meeting students from around the globe
“ To the One sitting on the throne and to the Lamb be the blessing and the honor and the glory and the might forever . ” ​ — REV .
5 : 13 .
SONGS : 10 , 16
Why do Jehovah and Christ deserve to be honored ?
What humans are deserving of honor , and why ?
What are some benefits of giving honor to those to whom it is due ?
Why might some individuals deserve to be honored , and what will we now discuss ?
TO HONOR someone means to show him special attention as well as respect .
Reasonably , we would expect that a person who is worthy of such attention and respect has done something to merit honor or that he serves in a special position .
So we might well ask , Whom should we honor , and why is such honor merited ?
2 , 3 . ( a ) Why is Jehovah especially worthy of honor ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) At Revelation 5 : 13 , who is the Lamb , and why is he worthy of honor ?
As Revelation 5 : 13 indicates , “ the One sitting on the throne and . . . the Lamb ” surely deserve to be honored .
We note in chapter 4 of the same Bible book one reason why Jehovah deserves to be honored .
Exalted creatures in the heavenly realm lift their voices in praise to Jehovah , “ the One who lives forever and ever . ”
They declare : “ You are worthy , Jehovah our God , to receive the glory and the honor and the power , because you created all things , and because of your will they came into existence and were created . ” ​ — Rev .
4 : 9 - 11 .
The Lamb is Jesus Christ , “ the Lamb of God who takes away the sin of the world . ”
The Bible tells us that he is far superior to all men who are or have been kings .
It explains : “ He is the King of those who rule as kings and Lord of those who rule as lords , the one alone having immortality , who dwells in unapproachable light , whom no man has seen or can see . ”
Indeed , what other king has ever voluntarily died as a ransom for our sins ?
Do you not feel moved to join with myriads of heavenly creatures in proclaiming : “ The Lamb who was slaughtered is worthy to receive the power and riches and wisdom and strength and honor and glory and blessing . ” ​ — Rev .
5 : 12 .
Why is honoring Jehovah and Christ not optional ?
Honoring Jehovah and Christ is not optional .
Our everlasting life depends on our doing so .
Jesus ’ words that we read at John 5 : 22 , 23 help us to see that plainly : “ The Father judges no one at all , but he has entrusted all the judging to the Son , so that all may honor the Son just as they honor the Father .
Whoever does not honor the Son does not honor the Father who sent him . ” ​ — Read Psalm 2 : 11 , 12 .
Why should we show a measure of honor and respect to people in general ?
Humans were created “ in God’s image . ”
Thus , most of them exhibit some godly qualities , though to differing degrees .
Humans are capable of showing one another love , kindness , and compassion .
Having been created with a conscience , people normally have an inborn sense ​ — albeit at times inaccurate or distorted — ​ that alerts them to what is right or wrong , honest or dishonest , appropriate or inappropriate .
Most people are drawn to things that are clean and beautiful .
Generally , they want to live with others in peace .
Whether they realize it or not , they reflect to some extent Jehovah’s glory , and for this reason , they deserve a measure of honor and respect . ​ — Ps . 8 : 5 .
6 , 7 .
In the matter of rendering humans honor , how do Jehovah’s Witnesses differ from many people ?
Balance is needed in determining what kind of honor should be rendered to other humans and to what extent .
Most imperfect humans are strongly influenced by the spirit of Satan’s world .
That is why people tend to idolize certain men or women rather than just show them appropriate honor and respect .
They place religious and political leaders , sports figures , entertainment stars , and other celebrities on pedestals , often considering them to be almost superhuman .
Hence , young and old alike look to them as role models , perhaps imitating their mannerisms , dress , or conduct .
True Christians refrain from such a distorted view of honoring humans .
Christ is the only human who ever lived whom we can consider a perfect role model .
God would not be pleased if we extended to humans more honor than they are due .
We need to bear in mind this basic truth : “ All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God . ”
Truly , no human warrants the kind of honor that borders on idolatry .
8 , 9 . ( a ) How do Jehovah’s Witnesses view government officials ?
( b ) To what extent is it proper to support officials ?
In the secular realm , some individuals serve in positions of authority .
Government officials are expected to maintain law and order and to care for the needs of their citizens .
This brings benefits to all .
Accordingly , the apostle Paul advised Christians to view such human governmental authorities as “ superior authorities ” to whom Christians should be in subjection .
He instructed them : “ Render to all their dues : to the one who calls for the tax , the tax ; . . . to the one who calls for honor , such honor . ” ​ — Rom .
13 : 1 , 7 .
Fittingly , Jehovah’s Witnesses willingly render honor to public servants , even as it may be expected and as may be customary in the land .
We cooperate with them as they perform their duties .
Of course , our honor and support have reasonable , Scriptural limits .
We cannot go to the point of disobeying God or violating our Christian neutrality . ​ — Read 1 Peter 2 : 13 - 17 .
How did servants of Jehovah in the past set the pattern in their relationship with secular governments and officials ?
Jehovah’s servants in the past set the pattern in their relationship with governments and officials .
When the Roman Empire called on people to participate in a census , Joseph and Mary complied .
They traveled to Bethlehem despite the fact that Mary was soon to give birth to her first child .
Later , when Paul was accused of wrongdoing , he respectfully defended himself and showed proper honor to King Herod Agrippa and to Festus , governor of the Roman province of Judea . ​ — Acts 25 : 1 - 12 ; 26 : 1 - 3 .
11 , 12 . ( a ) Why do we make a distinction between government officials and religious leaders ?
( b ) What good resulted when an Austrian Witness showed a politician honor ?
However , Jehovah’s Witnesses refrain from treating religious leaders as ones who merit extraordinary honor , even though those leaders may expect it .
False religion misrepresents God and distorts the teachings of his Word .
Thus , we show religious leaders regard as fellow humans , but we do not show them special honor .
We recall that Jesus denounced such men of his day as hypocrites and blind guides .
In contrast , our showing government officials due respect and honor can at times have positive , even unexpected , results .
Leopold Engleitner was a zealous Witness from Austria whom the Nazis arrested and sent by train to Buchenwald concentration camp .
Dr .
Heinrich Gleissner was a prisoner on the same train .
He had been an Austrian politician .
However , he was out of favor with the Nazis .
On the trip to the camp , Brother Engleitner respectfully explained his beliefs to Gleissner , who listened carefully .
After the second world war , Gleissner repeatedly used his influence to help the Witnesses in Austria .
You may recall other examples of the good that can come about when Witnesses manifest appropriate respect for public officials , rendering them the honor that the Bible says Christians should give them .
Who are especially worthy of being respected and honored , and why ?
Those related to us in the faith certainly merit honor and respect .
This is especially true of the elders who are taking the lead .
( Read 1 Timothy 5 : 17 . )
We honor these brothers regardless of their nationality , education , social standing , or financial status .
The Bible refers to them as “ gifts in men , ” and they are a key part of God’s arrangement to care for the needs of his people .
Think of congregation elders , circuit overseers , Branch Committee members , and the members of the Governing Body .
Our brothers and sisters in the first century had high regard for those appointed to take the lead , and we feel similarly today .
We do not idolize well - known representatives of the Christian congregation or react in their presence as if angels were standing nearby .
Still , we do respect and honor such brothers for their hard work and humility . ​ — Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 24 ; Revelation 19 : 10 .
14 , 15 .
Contrast genuine Christian shepherds with those who only claim to be such .
Such elders are recognized as humble spiritual shepherds .
As evidence of their humility , they refuse to let themselves be treated as celebrities .
In this they differ from many modern - day religious leaders and from those of the first century about whom Jesus said : “ They like the most prominent place at evening meals and the front seats in the synagogues and the greetings in the marketplaces . ” ​ — Matt .
23 : 6 , 7 .
Genuine Christian shepherds humbly obey Jesus ’ words : “ Do not you be called Rabbi , for one is your Teacher , and all of you are brothers .
Moreover , do not call anyone your father on earth , for one is your Father , the heavenly One .
Neither be called leaders , for your Leader is one , the Christ .
But the greatest one among you must be your minister .
Whoever exalts himself will be humbled , and whoever humbles himself will be exalted . ”
You can thus understand why elders in congregations around the globe earn their fellow Witnesses ’ love , respect , and honor .
As they serve with humility , elders earn love , respect , and honor ( See paragraphs 13 - 15 )
Why should you continue to work to understand and apply what the Bible tells us about showing honor ?
Admittedly , it may take time for us to achieve proper balance in regard to how and to whom we render honor .
This was also true of the early Christians .
But it is definitely worth our effort to put into practice what the Bible indicates about rendering honor .
Achieving proper balance brings many benefits .
What are some benefits of showing honor to those in positions of authority ?
As we respect and show honor to those who are in positions of secular authority , it is more likely that they will defend our right to preach without interference .
Often , the result is that our activity is seen in a positive way .
Several years ago , Birgit , a pioneer in Germany , attended her daughter’s school graduation .
The teachers told Birgit that it had been a pleasure to work with Witness children over the years .
They said that it would be a shame if they had no Witness children in their school .
Birgit explained , “ Our children are taught to follow God’s standards of conduct , and this includes showing respect for teachers and honoring them . ”
One teacher said , “ If all children were like yours , teaching would be like paradise . ”
Several weeks later , one of the teachers attended a convention in Leipzig .
18 , 19 .
Why is rendering proper honor to elders a concern ?
Rendering proper honor to congregation elders is , of course , to be guided by the perfect and wise principles found in God’s Word .
( Read Hebrews 13 : 7 , 17 . )
We can and should commend them for their hard work and strive to cooperate with directions that they provide .
Our doing that may help them to continue carrying out their duties with joy .
But this does not mean that we try to copy a “ prominent ” elder in the exact way he dresses and grooms himself , his manner of public speaking , or even his style of conversation .
Were we to do so , it could give the wrong impression .
We should not forget that he too is an imperfect human .
The model to follow and imitate is Christ .
By giving the elders appropriate honor and respect while not treating them as celebrities , we are helping them .
We make it easier for them to avoid falling victim to pride , to having any feelings of superiority or self - righteousness .
How does rendering honor to others help us ?
On a more personal level , showing honor to those to whom it is due keeps us from becoming self - centered .
It helps us to avoid having an inflated opinion of ourselves if some honor comes our way .
It also keeps us in line with Jehovah’s organization , which refrains from giving humans ​ — whether believers or unbelievers — ​ excessive or undue honor .
Moreover , it is the course of wisdom , helping us to avoid being stumbled if some human to whom we showed honor disappoints us .
What is the most important benefit of giving proper honor to those to whom it is due ?
The most important benefit of giving proper honor to those to whom it is due is that we thereby please God .
We act as he wants us to and thus maintain integrity to him .
That contributes to making a reply to any who would try to taunt him .
The world is full of people whose sense of how to bestow honor is distorted .
We are truly grateful to know how to give honor Jehovah’s way .
“ Keep asking in faith , not doubting at all . ” ​ — JAS .
1 : 6 .
SONGS : 118 , 35
Why should we accept that making decisions is part of life ?
Why should others not make decisions for us ?
Why might we sometimes have to change a decision already made ?
What affected Cain’s ability to make a wise decision , and with what result ?
CAIN had a choice , a decision to make : Get the mastery over his sinful emotions or let his emotions rule his actions .
Whichever way he decided , there would be consequences that would affect the rest of his life .
You know what Cain decided ; he did not choose well .
His decision and its resulting action cost his faithful brother Abel his life .
And Cain’s decision affected his relationship with his Creator . ​ — Gen .
4 : 3 - 16 .
How important is our ability to choose wisely ?
We too have choices and decisions to make .
Not every one of our decisions is a life - and - death matter .
However , many of our decisions , the choices we make , can have a profound effect on us .
Hence , the ability to make good decisions can help us to live a relatively smooth , peaceful life rather than one that is full of chaos , controversy , and disappointment . ​ — Prov . 14 : 8 .
( a ) To make wise decisions , we should have faith in what ?
( b ) What questions will we consider ?
What will help us to make wise decisions ?
We certainly need faith in God , not doubting his willingness and ability to help us to be wise .
We also need faith in Jehovah’s Word and in his way of doing things , trusting God’s inspired counsel .
( Read James 1 : 5 - 8 . )
As we draw close to him and grow in love for his Word , we come to trust his judgment .
Accordingly , we develop the habit of consulting God’s Word before making decisions .
But how can we improve our decision - making skills ?
And does being willing to decide mean sticking to our choices no matter what ?

What choice did Adam have to make , and with what consequences ?
From the start of human existence , men and women have had to make important decisions .
Adam had to choose to listen either to his Creator or to Eve .
He was willing to make a decision , but what do you think of the decision he made ?
His misled wife influenced him to make an extremely poor choice , one that cost him life in Paradise and eventually his very life .
And that was just the beginning of the overall cost .
We are still suffering the consequences of Adam’s terrible decision .
How should we view the need to make decisions ?
Some might think that life would be more pleasant if we did not have to make decisions .
Do you feel that way ?
Remember , Jehovah did not create humans to be robots , incapable of thinking and making choices .
The Bible actually teaches us how to make wise decisions .
While Jehovah wants us to make decisions , this is not to our detriment .
Reflect on some evidence of that .
6 , 7 .
What choice did the ancient Israelites have , and why was it difficult for them to decide wisely ?
( See opening picture . )
Once settled in the Promised Land , the ancient Israelites had a very basic , vital choice : Worship Jehovah or serve some other god ( or gods ) .
( Read Joshua 24 : 15 . )
That might seem to have been a simple decision .
Yet , their choice could come down to a matter of life or death .
Repeatedly during the time of the Judges , the Israelites chose unwisely .
They turned away from Jehovah and worshipped false gods .
Or think of an instance later in the history of God’s people when they were obliged to make a decision .
The prophet Elijah clearly outlined the choices : Serve Jehovah or serve the false god Baal .
Elijah rebuked the people for being indecisive .
You might think that this was a simple choice because it is always wise and beneficial to serve Jehovah .
In fact , no reasonable person should be attracted to or attached to Baal .
Still , those Israelites were “ limping between two different opinions . ”
Wisely , Elijah urged them to choose the superior way of worship ​ — the worship of Jehovah .
Why might it have been so difficult for those Israelites to make a wise decision ?
First , they had basically lost faith in Jehovah and refused to listen to his voice .
They had not built a foundation of accurate knowledge or godly wisdom ; nor did they trust in Jehovah .
Acting in accord with accurate knowledge would have helped them to make wise decisions .
Moreover , they had allowed others to influence them or even to make decisions for them .
The people in the land who were not worshippers of Jehovah influenced the Israelites ’ thinking , moving them to follow that pagan crowd .
Jehovah had long before warned that such a thing could happen . ​ — Ex .
23 : 2 .
What important lesson about decision - making do we learn from Israel’s history ?

The above - mentioned examples convey to us a clear lesson .
It is up to each of us to make decisions , and the wise , right choices are based on sound Scriptural knowledge .
Galatians 6 : 5 reminds us : “ Each one will carry his own load of responsibility . ”
( Ftn . ) We should not give someone else the responsibility to make decisions for us .
Rather , we should personally learn what is right in God’s eyes and choose to do it .
Why can it be dangerous to let others decide for us ?
How might we give in to the danger of letting others choose for us ?
Peer pressure could sway us to make a bad decision .
Still , no matter how others try to pressure us , it is our responsibility to follow our Bible - trained conscience .
In many respects , if we let others make our decisions , we are essentially deciding to “ follow them . ”
It is still a choice , but a potentially disastrous one .
Of what did Paul have to warn the Galatians ?
The apostle Paul clearly alerted the Galatians to the danger of letting others make personal decisions for them .
( Read Galatians 4 : 17 . )
Some in the congregation wanted to make personal choices for others in order to alienate them from the apostles .
Why ?
Those selfish ones were seeking prominence .
They overstepped proper bounds and did not respect their fellow Christians ’ responsibility to make their own decisions .
How can we help others as they make personal decisions ?
Paul set a fine example of respecting his brothers ’ right of free will to make decisions .
( Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 24 . )
Today , when giving counsel on matters involving personal choice , the elders should follow that pattern .
They are happy to share Bible - based information with others in the flock .
Still , the elders are careful to allow individual brothers and sisters to make their own decisions .
That is logical because those individuals will bear the responsibility for the results .
Here is an important lesson : We can show helpful interest in others and call attention to Scriptural principles or counsel .
Still , others have a right and responsibility to make their own decisions .
When they do this wisely , they benefit .
Clearly , we should avoid any tendency to think that we are authorized to make decisions for other brothers and sisters .
Loving elders help others learn to make their own decisions ( See paragraph 11 )
12 , 13 .
Why is it dangerous simply to follow our heart if we are angry or discouraged ?
A popular philosophy or common adage is : Follow your heart .
But doing that can be dangerous .
And in a sense , doing so is unscriptural .
The Bible warns us not to let our imperfect heart or mere sentiment rule when we are making decisions .
And Bible accounts show the sad consequences of following one’s heart .
The core problem is that in imperfect humans , “ the heart is more treacherous than anything else and is desperate . ”
So , what could it mean for us if we simply follow our heart ?
A Christian’s heart is important , for we are commanded to love Jehovah with our whole heart and to love our neighbor as ourselves .
But the Scriptural passages cited in the preceding paragraph highlight the danger of letting emotions dictate our thinking and actions .
For example , what might happen if we make decisions when we are angry ?
The answer may be obvious if we have done this in times past .
Or is it likely that we will make sound decisions when we are discouraged ?
Bear in mind that God’s Word shows the wisdom of being “ a slave to God’s law . ”
Clearly , we could easily be deceived by our emotions if we allow them to prevail when we are making important decisions .
How do we know that changing one’s decisions might be appropriate ?
We need to make wise decisions .
However , that does not mean that we should refuse to change a decision once we have made it .
There are times when we will do well to reconsider a decision and perhaps change it .
Note Jehovah’s example with regard to the Ninevites in Jonah’s day .
“ When the true God saw what they did , how they had turned back from their evil ways , he reconsidered the calamity that he said he would bring on them , and he did not bring it . ”
After observing the Ninevites ’ repentant , changed attitude , Jehovah adjusted his decision .
In doing so , he manifested reasonableness , humility , and compassion .
Furthermore , God does not determine his course of action based on a momentary flare - up of anger , the type of emotional outburst that many humans display .
What might lead us to change a decision ?
There may be occasions when it would be good for us to reconsider a choice or decision .
It could be when the prevailing circumstances change .
Jehovah altered his decision at times when circumstances changed .
Or new information may provide us with a valid reason to adjust a decision .
King David was given faulty information about Saul’s grandson Mephibosheth .
When David later received accurate information , he amended his decision .
At times , it may be wise for us to do similarly .
( a ) What are some helpful guidelines for making wise decisions ?
( b ) Why and how should we view past decisions ?
God’s Word counsels us not to be hasty when we need to make an important decision .
When we take the time to weigh carefully all the aspects or facts related to a decision , we will likely be more successful .
Before determining a course of action , a family head ought to take the time to research the Scriptures and Christian publications , as well as to consider the opinions or views of others in his family .
Recall that God urged Abraham to listen to what his wife had to say .
Elders too should take time to do research .
And if they are reasonable , modest men , they will not fear losing respect if new , relevant information comes to their attention that indicates a need to reconsider what they had already decided .
They should be ready to adjust their thinking and decisions when appropriate , and all of us do well to follow that example .
This can promote peace and order in the congregation . ​ — Acts 6 : 1 - 4 .
How can we be more successful in making decisions ?
Some decisions are weightier than others .
The weightier ones call for more thought and prayerful consideration , which may take time .
Some Christians face decisions about whether to marry and whom to marry .
Another serious decision that holds the potential for many blessings is how and when to enter the full - time ministry .
In such areas , it is important to have full trust that Jehovah can and does provide wise guidance .
Thus , it is vital to draw on the Bible as the best source of advice and to seek Jehovah’s guidance in prayer .
And bear in mind that Jehovah can give us the qualities we need to make decisions that are in harmony with his will .
When facing important decisions , make it a practice to ask : ‘ Will this decision give evidence of my love for Jehovah ?
Will it bring joy and peace to my family ?
And will it show that I am patient and kind ? ’
Why does Jehovah expect us to make our own decisions ?
Jehovah does not coerce us into loving him and serving him .
That is our choice .
In line with the free will that he grants us , he respects our responsibility and right to ‘ choose for ourselves ’ whether we will serve him .
But he expects us to follow through on other decisions that we make based on his guidance .
With faith in Jehovah’s way of doing things and the principles that he has kindly provided , we can make wise decisions and prove ourselves steady in all our ways . ​ — Jas .
1 : 5 - 8 ; 4 : 8 .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
This elder and his wife find that Sunday after the meeting is a good time to reach sheeplike people in northern Romania .
These include two neighbors who are combing the wool from literal sheep in that area .
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2015 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
Asa , Jehoshaphat , Hezekiah , Josiah
“ O Jehovah , remember , please , how I have walked before you faithfully and with a complete heart . ” ​ — 2 KI . 20 : 3 .
SONGS : 36 , 54
What does it mean to serve Jehovah with a complete heart ?
What impressed you about God’s approval of the four kings of Judah ?
Which of the four kings would you like to imitate , and why ?
1 - 3 .
What is involved in serving Jehovah with “ a complete heart ” ?
Illustrate .
BEING imperfect , we are prone to make mistakes .
Thankfully , though , Jehovah does not deal with us “ according to our sins , ” provided that we are repentant and in faith approach him humbly on the basis of Jesus ’ ransom sacrifice .
Yet , as David told Solomon , for our daily worship to be acceptable to Jehovah , we have to “ serve him with a complete heart . ”
How can we as imperfect humans do so ?
To aid us in this respect , we can compare the life of King Asa with that of King Amaziah .
Both Judean kings did what was right in the eyes of Jehovah , but Asa did so with a complete heart .
Both kings were imperfect and made mistakes .
Yet , Asa basically did not deviate from God’s ways , for his heart was “ completely devoted ” to God .
Amaziah , on the other hand , was not fully devoted to Jehovah .
After gaining the victory over God’s enemies , he brought back their gods and began worshipping them . ​ — 2 Chron .
25 : 11 - 16 . Serving God with “ a complete heart ” involves full devotion that does not end .
In the Bible , the word “ heart ” usually refers to a man’s inner self .
It encompasses his desires , thinking , disposition , attitudes , abilities , motivations , and goals .
So a person who serves Jehovah with his whole heart does not render hypocritical service .
He does not just go through the motions of worshipping Jehovah .
What about us ?
Well , if we , though being imperfect humans , continue to be fully devoted to God without hypocrisy , we will be serving God with a complete heart . ​ — 2 Chron .
19 : 9 . What will we now consider ?
To appreciate what it means to serve God with a complete heart , let us consider the life of Asa as well as that of some other kings of Judah who served God with heartfelt devotion ​ — Jehoshaphat , Hezekiah , and Josiah .
All four of them made mistakes , but they still gained Jehovah’s approval .
Why did God view them as having served him with a complete heart , and how can we imitate them ?
What decisive actions did Asa take ?
Asa was the third king of Judah after the northern ten - tribe kingdom of Israel separated .
He rid his domain of idolatry and expelled the male temple prostitutes .
He even removed his grandmother Maacah from the position of “ queen mother , because she had made an obscene idol . ”
Furthermore , Asa urged his people “ to search for Jehovah . . . and to observe the Law and the commandment . ”
Yes , he promoted true worship . ​ — 2 Chron . 14 : 4 .
How did Asa react when the Ethiopians invaded the land ?
Jehovah blessed Judah with peace for the first ten years of Asa’s reign .
Then Zerah the Ethiopian came against Judah with 1,000,000 men and 300 chariots .
How did Asa react to this crisis ?
He expressed full confidence in Jehovah .
( Read 2 Chronicles 14 : 11 . )
In answer to Asa’s heartfelt prayer , God gave Asa a complete victory , annihilating the Ethiopian army .
Even when kings were not faithful to him , Jehovah could give them victory over the enemy for the sake of his own name .
Asa , however , relied on God , and Jehovah answered his prayer .
Granted , on later occasions , Asa acted unwisely .
For example , he sought help from the king of Syria rather than from Jehovah .
Still , God’s overall assessment was that Asa’s heart “ was complete with Jehovah all his life . ”
How can we imitate Asa in doing good ? ​ — 1 Ki . 15 : 14 .
7 , 8 .
How can you imitate Asa in serving Jehovah ?
Each of us can examine his heart to see if it is fully devoted to God .
Ask yourself , ‘ Am I determined to please Jehovah , to defend true worship , and to protect his people from any corrupting influence ? ’
Think how much courage Asa had to muster to stand up to Maacah , who was “ queen mother ” in the land !
You probably do not know anyone who acts just like her , but there may be a situation in which you can imitate Asa’s zeal .
For example , what if a member of your family or a close friend sins , is unrepentant , and has to be disfellowshipped ?
Would you take decisive action by ceasing to associate with that person ?
What would your heart move you to do ?
Like Asa , you can show that you have a complete heart by fully relying on God when you are faced with opposition , even some that may seem insurmountable .
You may be teased or ridiculed at school for taking a stand as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Or colleagues at work may taunt you for taking days off for spiritual activities or for not often working overtime .
In such situations , pray to God , just as Asa did .
Courageously rely on Jehovah , remaining firm for what you know is right and wise .
Remember that God strengthened and helped Asa , and He will strengthen you .
When preaching , how can we show that we have a complete heart ?
God’s servants go beyond simply thinking about themselves .
Asa promoted true worship .
We likewise help others “ to search for Jehovah . ”
How pleased Jehovah must be when he sees that we speak to our neighbors and others about him , doing so out of genuine love for him and genuine interest in the everlasting welfare of people !
10 , 11 .
How can you follow the course of Jehoshaphat ?
Asa’s son Jehoshaphat “ kept walking in the way of his father Asa . ”
How so ?
Like his father , Jehoshaphat encouraged the people to search for Jehovah .
He did so by organizing a teaching campaign that used “ the book of Jehovah’s Law . ”
He even went to the territory of the northern kingdom of Israel , to the mountainous region of Ephraim , “ to bring them back to Jehovah . ”
Jehoshaphat was a king “ who searched for Jehovah with all his heart . ” ​ — 2 Chron . 22 : 9 .
We can all have a share in the great teaching campaign that Jehovah is having done today .
Is it your goal each month to teach the Word of God to others , trying to move their heart to serve God ?
By your extending yourself and with God’s blessing , you may be able to start a Bible study .
Is that a goal that you pray about ?
Are you willing to accept this challenge , even giving up some of what is commonly viewed as free time ?
And just as Jehoshaphat went to the territory of Ephraim to help people return to true worship , we can reach out to those who have become inactive .
In addition , the congregation elders arrange to visit and offer help to disfellowshipped ones in the congregation territory who may have left their past practice of sin .
12 , 13 . ( a ) When facing a frightening situation , how did Jehoshaphat react ?
( b ) Why should we imitate Jehoshaphat in acknowledging our weaknesses ?
Like his father , Asa , Jehoshaphat maintained his devotion to God even when threatened by an overwhelming enemy force .
( Read 2 Chronicles 20 : 2 - 4 . )
Jehoshaphat did become afraid !
Yet , “ he resolved to search for Jehovah . ”
In prayer , he humbly admitted that his people were “ powerless before this large crowd ” and that he and his people did not know what to do .

He fully relied on Jehovah , saying : “ Our eyes are toward you . ” ​ — 2 Chron .
20 : 12 . Sometimes we , like Jehoshaphat , may not know what to do , even being afraid .
But remember that Jehoshaphat acknowledged in a public prayer how weak he and his people felt . Those who take the spiritual lead in the family can imitate Jehoshaphat by turning to Jehovah for guidance and strength to cope with the problem they face .
Do not feel ashamed to let your family hear such supplications .
They will sense your trust in Jehovah .
God helped Jehoshaphat , and he will also help you .
14 , 15 .
How did Hezekiah show complete reliance on God ?
To become known as a king who “ held fast to Jehovah , ” Hezekiah , unlike Jehoshaphat , had to overcome the bad influence of an idolatrous father .
Hezekiah “ removed the high places , smashed the sacred pillars , and cut down the sacred pole . He also crushed the copper serpent that Moses had made , ” which by then had been misused for idolatrous purposes .
He was fully devoted to Jehovah , for “ he continued to keep the commandments that Jehovah had given to Moses . ” ​ — 2 Ki . 18 : 1 - 6 .
Even when Assyria , the world power at that time , invaded Judah and threatened to annihilate Jerusalem , Hezekiah wholeheartedly relied on Jehovah .
The Assyrian King Sennacherib taunted Jehovah and tried to intimidate Hezekiah into surrendering .
However , in prayer Hezekiah expressed full trust in Jehovah’s saving power .
( Read Isaiah 37 : 15 - 20 . )
God answered his prayer by sending an angel to strike down 185,000 Assyrians . ​ — Isa .
37 : 36 , 37 .
16 , 17 .
How can you imitate Hezekiah as you serve God ?
Hezekiah later became sick to the point of dying .
He begged Jehovah to remember how he had walked before Him .
( Read 2 Kings 20 : 1 - 3 . )
We know from the Scriptures that we are not living at a time when we can look to God for miraculous healings or an extension of our life .
Still , as did Hezekiah , each of us can say to Jehovah in prayer : “ I have walked before you faithfully and with a complete heart . ”
Do you believe that Jehovah is capable and willing to sustain you even on a sickbed ? ​ — Ps .
41 : 3 .
Meditating on the example of Hezekiah , we may see a need to remove something that is hindering our relationship with God or diverting our attention from true worship .
Clearly , we do not want to imitate those in the world who , using social media , treat humans as if they were idols .
Of course , some Christians may find pleasure in communicating with family or close friends by such means .
But many in the world use social media excessively , following men or women whom they do not even know .
Or they spend a great deal of time looking at pictures of or reading about such individuals .
There is the danger of becoming consumed with what amounts to trivia .
A Christian could even become puffed up with pride over how many like his postings , even taking offense if they cease to follow him .
Can we imagine the apostle Paul or Aquila and Priscilla occupying themselves each day posting images or following someone outside of the brotherhood ?
We read that Paul was “ intensely occupied with the word . ”
And Priscilla and Aquila used their time to explain “ the way of God more accurately ” to others .
We can ask ourselves , ‘ Do I avoid idolizing humans or using a great deal of valuable time on inconsequential matters ? ’ ​ — Read Ephesians 5 : 15 , 16 .
18 , 19 .
In what ways would you like to be like Josiah ?
King Josiah , Hezekiah’s great - grandson , also resolutely kept Jehovah’s commandments “ with all his heart . ”
When he was still a teenager , “ he started to search for the God of David , ” and by the time he was 20 , he began to cleanse Judah of idolatry .
( Read 2 Chronicles 34 : 1 - 3 . )
Josiah was zealous in doing what pleased God , far more so than many kings of Judah .
Still , when what may have been the original writings of the Mosaic Law were found and read to Josiah , he saw the need to do God’s will more fully .
He urged others to serve Jehovah .
As a result , the people “ did not deviate from following Jehovah ” throughout Josiah’s lifetime . ​ — 2 Chron . 34 : 27 , 33 .
Like Josiah , young ones should start to seek Jehovah from an early age .
Repentant King Manasseh may have taught Josiah about God’s mercy .
Young ones , draw close to faithful older ones in your family and in the congregation and learn how good Jehovah has been to them .
Also , remember that the reading of the Scriptures touched Josiah’s heart and moved him to take action .
Your reading of the Word of God may move you to take action that will increase your happiness and strengthen your friendship with God as well as spur you on to help others to search for God .
( Read 2 Chronicles 34 : 18 , 19 . )
A study of the Bible may also help you to notice ways that you can improve in your service to God .
If you do , apply yourself , just as Josiah did .
20 , 21 . ( a ) What do the four kings we considered have in common ?
( b ) What will we discuss in the next article ?
Do you see the benefit of reviewing how the four kings of Judah whom we have considered served Jehovah with a complete heart ?
They were zealous in doing God’s will and were fully devoted to accomplishing it .
They kept doing God’s will . They even did so when they faced formidable foes .
Most important , their motive for serving Jehovah was pure .
As we will see in the next article , the four kings whom we have considered all made mistakes .
Yet , when the Examiner of the heart scrutinized them , he saw that their heart was complete toward him .
We too are imperfect .
As Jehovah examines us , does he conclude that we are serving him with a complete heart ?
Let us address that matter in the following article .
“ These things . . . were written for a warning to us upon whom the ends of the systems of things have come . ” ​ — 1 COR .
10 : 11 .
SONGS : 49 , 127
Asa and Jehoshaphat
Hezekiah
Josiah
1 , 2 .
Why will we consider the examples of four kings of Judah ?
IF YOU saw someone slip and fall on a path , would you not be careful when walking on that same pathway ?
By considering the mistakes of others , we may be helped to avoid making the same errors .
This is also true of our spiritual course .
We can learn valuable lessons from the mistakes of others , including those recorded in the Bible .
The four Judean kings who were considered in the preceding article served Jehovah with a complete heart .
Still , they made some serious mistakes .
What can we learn from their experiences , and how can we avoid a similar course ?
Meditating on these examples can help us to benefit from the things that were written beforehand for our instruction . ​ — Read Romans 15 : 4 .
3 - 5 . ( a ) Though Asa’s heart was complete toward Jehovah , what problem did he face ?
( b ) Why might Asa have relied on humans when Baasha came up against Judah ?
Let us first consider Asa and see how God’s Word can influence our life .
Asa relied on Jehovah when a million Ethiopians came against Judah ; yet , he failed to do so when Baasha the king of Israel began to fortify Ramah , a city bordering Asa’s domain .
In the latter case , Asa relied on his own wisdom and bribed King Ben - hadad of Syria to attack Baasha .
Did Asa’s tactic succeed ?
“ When Baasha heard of it , ” the Bible reports , “ he immediately quit building Ramah and abandoned his work on it . ”
So Asa’s strategy worked ​ — at first glance !
How , though , did Jehovah view Asa’s course ?
God sent his spokesman Hanani to reprimand Asa for not relying on Jehovah .
( Read 2 Chronicles 16 : 7 - 9 . )
“ From now on , ” Hanani said , “ there will be wars against you . ”
Baasha was turned away ; however , Asa and his people experienced wars for the rest of his reign .
As we noted in the preceding article , God examined Asa’s heart and judged it to be complete with Him .
In God’s eyes , Asa’s devotion was basically sound , satisfying divine requirements .
Still , he had to reap the consequences of his unwise course .
In dealing with Baasha , what led Asa to rely on humans ​ — Ben - hadad and himself — ​ instead of Jehovah ?
Could he have thought that diplomacy or militaristic maneuvering would deliver a more favorable outcome than would turning to God for help ?
Could he have given in to such reasoning as a result of receiving bad counsel ?
What can we learn from Asa’s mistake ?
Illustrate .
Will the account about Asa move us to examine our own course of action ?
When we face problems that seem too much for us to deal with , it may be easy to see the need to rely on Jehovah .
But what do we do when we have to cope with smaller issues of daily life ?
Do we resort to human thinking by trying to solve them in our own way ?
Or do we look for Bible principles and try to apply them , thus showing that we rely on Jehovah’s way to solve problems ?
For example , on occasion you may face some opposition from your family regarding attending meetings or an assembly .
You ask Jehovah to direct you and help you discern the best way to handle the situation .
Or what if you lose your job , and you are having difficulty finding another ?
When speaking with a prospective employer , would you still inform him that you will be attending weekday meetings regularly ?
Whatever the problem may be , we do well to heed the words of the psalmist who said : “ Commit your way to Jehovah ; rely on him , and he will act in your behalf . ” ​ — Ps . 37 : 5 .
7 , 8 .
Jehoshaphat made what mistakes , and with what results ?
( See opening picture . )
What about Asa’s son Jehoshaphat ?
He had many desirable qualities .
By relying on God , Jehoshaphat did much good .
Yet , he also made unwise decisions .
For example , he formed a marriage alliance with wicked King Ahab of the northern kingdom .
And despite a warning from the prophet Micaiah , Jehoshaphat joined Ahab in fighting against the Syrians .
In the battle , Jehoshaphat narrowly avoided being killed .
Then he returned to Jerusalem .
At that , the prophet Jehu asked him : “ Is it the wicked you should be helping , and is it those who hate Jehovah you should love ? ” ​ — Read 2 Chronicles 19 : 1 - 3 .
Did Jehoshaphat learn from that experience ?
While he did continue to show zeal in wanting to please God , it seems that he did not learn from the experience with Ahab and from Jehu’s warning words .
Jehoshaphat forged another unwise alliance .
It was with an enemy of God , this time with the son of Ahab , wicked King Ahaziah .
Jehoshaphat and Ahaziah built ships together , which ended up being wrecked , not accomplishing the purpose for which they were built . ​ — 2 Chron .
20 : 35 - 37 . How can bad association affect our whole life ?
Reading the accounts of Jehoshaphat ought to move us to examine our own life .
How so ?
Well , overall Jehoshaphat was a good king .
He did what was right and “ searched for Jehovah with all his heart . ”
Still , he was not immune to the effect of bad associations .
Recall this inspired proverb : “ The one walking with the wise will become wise , but the one who has dealings with the stupid will fare badly . ”
On the one hand , we may be trying to help interested ones into the truth .
Yet , Jehoshaphat’s unnecessary dealings with Ahab almost cost him his life .
Similarly , our having unnecessary association with those who do not serve Jehovah involves risks .
( a ) What lesson about getting married can we learn from Jehoshaphat ?
( b ) What should we bear in mind when faced with the problem of bad associations ?
What practical lesson can we draw from the experience of Jehoshaphat ?
A Christian may begin to have romantic feelings for someone who does not love Jehovah , thinking that a suitable mate cannot be found among true Christians .
Or a Christian may feel pressure from unbelieving relatives to get married ‘ before it is too late . ’
Furthermore , some may feel like one sister , who said : “ We are hardwired to want love and companionship . ”
What is a Christian to do ?
Meditating on what happened to Jehoshaphat can help .
He usually looked to God for direction .
But what happened when Jehoshaphat associated with Ahab , who had no love for Jehovah ?
Jehoshaphat should have borne in mind that Jehovah’s eyes look for those whose heart is complete toward him .
In our time too , God’s eyes are “ roving about through all the earth , ” and he is ready “ to show his strength ” in our behalf .
He understands our situation and loves us .
Do you have faith that God will fill your needs for love and companionship in a satisfying way ?
Be sure that at some point , he will do so !
Be aware of the danger of becoming unevenly yoked with an unbeliever ( See paragraph 10 )
11 , 12 . ( a ) How did Hezekiah reveal what was in his heart ?
( b ) Why was Hezekiah spared from God’s indignation ?
The lesson we can learn from Hezekiah involves the heart .
On one occasion , the Examiner of hearts exposed what was in Hezekiah’s heart .
( Read 2 Chronicles 32 : 31 . )
When Hezekiah became very sick , God gave him a sign indicating that he would recover ​ — a shadow moving backward .
Apparently , the princes of Babylon sent emissaries to inquire about that sign .
Revealing what was in his heart when “ left . . . alone , ” Hezekiah showed those Babylonians “ his entire treasure - house . ”
This foolish act exposed “ all that was in [ Hezekiah’s ] heart . ”
The Bible does not tell us just what caused Hezekiah’s heart to become haughty .
Might it have been his victory against the Assyrians or his being cured by God miraculously ?
Could it have been because of his “ vast riches and glory ” ?
In any case , because Hezekiah was haughty , he “ did not respond appreciatively to the good done to him . ”
How sad !
Though he could plead with God that he had served Him with a complete heart , Hezekiah did for a time displease Jehovah .
Later , though , “ Hezekiah humbled himself , ” so he and his people were spared God’s indignation . ​ — 2 Chron . 32 : 25 - 27 ; Ps .
138 : 6 . 13 , 14 . ( a ) When might Jehovah ‘ leave us alone to put us to the test ’ ?
( b ) How can we deal with praise we receive for what we have accomplished ?
How can we benefit from reading the account of Hezekiah and meditating on it ?
Remember that Hezekiah’s haughtiness became obvious soon after Jehovah defeated Sennacherib and cured Hezekiah’s deadly sickness .
In our case , if we have accomplished something worthwhile , could it be that Jehovah is ‘ leaving us alone to put us to the test , ’ allowing what is in our heart to surface ?
For example , a brother may have worked hard to prepare a talk and give it before a large audience .
Many praise him for what he has done .
How will he react to the praise ?
When praised , we do well to apply Jesus ’ words : “ When you have done all the things assigned to you , say : ‘ We are good - for - nothing slaves . What we have done is what we ought to have done . ’ ”
Here again , we can learn from Hezekiah’s experience .
A haughty attitude surfaced in that he “ did not respond appreciatively to the good done to him . ”
Our meditating on how much God has done for us will help us to avoid an attitude that Jehovah hates .
We can speak appreciatively of Jehovah .
He has provided both the Holy Scriptures and the holy spirit that supports his people .
15 , 16 .
Why did Josiah lose God’s protection and his life ?
Finally , what warning can we find in what happened to good King Josiah ?
Consider what led to his defeat and death .
( Read 2 Chronicles 35 : 20 - 22 . )
Josiah “ went out against ” King Necho of Egypt , although that king told Josiah that he had no dispute with him .
The Bible says that Necho’s words were “ from the mouth of God . ”
Why , then , did Josiah go out to fight ?
The Bible does not say .
How , though , would Josiah know that Necho’s words were from Jehovah ?
Well , he could have asked Jeremiah , one of the faithful prophets .
But there is no record of his doing so .
Also , Necho was heading to Carchemish to war “ against another house , ” not to war against Jerusalem .
Moreover , God’s name was not involved , for Necho was taunting neither Jehovah nor his people .
So it was bad judgment on Josiah’s part to battle against Necho .
Can we see in this a lesson that we can apply ?
When faced with a problem , we do well to consider what Jehovah’s will may be in the matter .
When we encounter a problem , how can we avoid making a mistake like the one Josiah made ?
If a problem arises , we ought to consider what Bible principles are involved and apply them in a balanced way .
In some cases , we may want to consult with the elders .
We may have given thought to what we already know about the subject , and we may even have done research in our publications .
Yet , there may be other Bible principles to take into consideration , which an elder might help us to analyze .
For example , a sister knows that she has the responsibility to preach the good news .
However , suppose she plans to go out in the field service on a certain day , but her unbelieving husband wants her to stay home .
He says that they have not had much time together lately , and he would like them to do something as a couple .
She might consider relevant Bible texts , such as obeying God and the command to make disciples .
But she also needs to think about wifely subjection and being reasonable .
Is her husband completely opposed to her going out in service , or is he asking her to do something else just that one day ?
We need balance as we seek to do God’s will and strive to have a good conscience .
How can you benefit from considering the accounts of the four kings as set out in this article ?
Being imperfect , we too may at times be inclined to make any one of the mistakes committed by the four kings discussed above .
We might ( 1 ) unwittingly rely on human wisdom , ( 2 ) turn to bad associations , ( 3 ) become haughty , or ( 4 ) make decisions without first considering what God’s will is .
How kind of Jehovah to see good in us , as he saw good in those four kings !
Jehovah also sees how much we love him and how much we long to serve him fully .
So he has provided us with warning examples to help us avoid making serious mistakes .
Let us meditate on these Bible accounts and be thankful that Jehovah has provided them for us !
Gianni and Maurizio have been friends for some 50 years .
There was a time , however , when their friendship was in jeopardy .
“ During a difficult time , I made some serious mistakes that caused us to drift apart , ” Maurizio explains .
Gianni adds : “ Maurizio was my Bible teacher when I started studying .
He had become a spiritual mentor to me .
So , what he did seemed unreal .
It was as if my whole world were falling apart because I knew that we would go our separate ways .
I felt abandoned . ”
GOOD friends are precious , and a lasting friendship does not happen just by chance .
If a friendship is threatened , what can help to save it ?
We can learn a lot from some individuals mentioned in the Bible who were real friends but whose friendship was later in danger .
David , the shepherd and king , certainly had good friends .
Jonathan is one of those friends who may come to mind .
But David had other friends , such as the prophet Nathan .
The Bible does not specify when their friendship began .
Yet , at one point David confided in Nathan as you might confide in a friend .
David desired to build a house for Jehovah .
The king must have valued Nathan’s opinion as a friend and as a man who had Jehovah’s spirit . ​ — 2 Sam .
7 : 2 , 3 .
However , something occurred that threatened their friendship .
King David committed adultery with Bath - sheba , and afterward he had her husband , Uriah , killed .
For many years , David had been loyal to Jehovah and upheld justice .
But then he committed this terrible sin !
What had happened to that good king ?
Could he not see the seriousness of his conduct ?
Did he think that he could hide it from God ?
What would Nathan do ?
Would he let someone else bring up the matter to the king ?
Others were aware of how David had arranged to have Uriah killed .
So why would Nathan get involved and risk spoiling their long - standing friendship ?
It could even endanger Nathan’s life if he spoke up .
After all , David already had innocent Uriah killed .
But Nathan was a spokesman for God .
The prophet knew that if he remained silent , his relationship with David would not be the same and his own conscience would suffer .
His friend David had taken a path that had Jehovah’s disapproval .
The king desperately needed help to get back on track .
Yes , David needed a real friend .
Nathan was such a friend .
He chose to broach the subject with an illustration that could touch the heart of the former shepherd .
Nathan delivered God’s message but in a way that helped David grasp the gravity of his errors and moved him to take action . ​ — 2 Sam .
12 : 1 - 14 .
What would you do if you had a friend who made a significant mistake or committed a serious sin ?
You might be tempted to reason that pointing out his wrong would damage your friendship .
Or you might feel that reporting his sinful conduct to the elders , who could help him spiritually , would be a betrayal of your friendship .
What would you do ?
Gianni , mentioned earlier , recalls : “ I realized that something had changed .
Maurizio was not as open with me as before .
I decided to approach him , although it was extremely difficult for me to do so .
I wondered : ‘ What can I tell him that he does not already know ?
His reaction might be terrible ! ’
But remembering all that we had studied together , I found the strength to talk to him .
Maurizio had done so with me when I needed help .
I did not want to lose his friendship , but I wanted to help him because I cared about him . ”
Maurizio adds : “ Gianni was sincere ​ — and he was right .
I knew that the consequences of my bad choices were not his fault and not Jehovah’s fault .
So I accepted the discipline , and in time I recovered spiritually . ”
David had other associates who loyally stood by him in difficult times .
One such associate was Hushai , whom the Bible refers to as “ David’s friend . ”
He may have been a court official who was a personal friend and companion to the king , one who at times carried out confidential orders .
When David’s son Absalom usurped the throne , many Israelites took Absalom’s side , but not Hushai .
While David was fleeing , Hushai went to him .
David felt deeply hurt because of being betrayed by his own son and by some whom he had trusted .
However , Hushai remained loyal , as one who was willing to risk his life and accomplish a mission that would thwart the conspiracy .
Hushai did not simply do so out of a sense of duty as a court official .
He proved to be a loyal friend . ​ — 2 Sam .
15 : 13 - 17 , 32 - 37 ; 16 : 15 – 17 : 16 .
It is heartwarming to see how brothers and sisters today are united by a bond that goes beyond any role or assignment in the congregation .
By their actions they are in effect saying , “ I am your friend , not because I have to be , but because you are important to me . ”
This is what a brother named Federico experienced .
With the help of his dear friend Antonio , he got through a rough patch in his life .
Federico relates : “ When Antonio moved to our congregation , we soon became friends .
We were both ministerial servants , and we enjoyed working together .
Shortly thereafter , he was appointed an elder .
Besides being my friend , he was a spiritual role model for me . ”
Then Federico took a false step .
He immediately sought spiritual help , but he no longer qualified to be a pioneer or a ministerial servant .
How did Antonio react ?
When Federico faced a difficulty , his friend Antonio listened to him and encouraged him
Federico recalls : “ I could see that Antonio felt my pain .
He tried his best to help me emotionally .
He cared deeply about my spiritual recovery and never abandoned me .
He encouraged me to regain my spiritual strength and not to give up . ”
Antonio explains : “ I spent more time with Federico .
I wanted him to feel free to talk to me about anything , even about his pain . ”
Happily , in time Federico regained his balance and was later reappointed as a pioneer and a ministerial servant .
Antonio concludes : “ Although we now serve in different congregations , we are closer than ever . ”
How would you feel if a close friend turned his back on you when you needed him most ?
Few things could hurt more .
Would you be able to forgive him ?
Would your relationship ever be as strong as it once was ?
Think about what happened to Jesus during his last days on earth .
He had spent much time with his faithful apostles , and they were united by a special bond .
Jesus rightly called them his friends .
Yet , what happened when he was arrested ?
The apostles fled .
Peter had openly declared that he would never abandon his Master , but on that very night , Peter denied knowing Jesus ! ​ — Matt .
26 : 31 - 33 , 56 , 69 - 75 .
Jesus knew that he would be facing his final test alone .
Still , he had reason to feel disappointed , even hurt .
But his conversation with the disciples a few days after his resurrection does not reveal the slightest hint of disappointment , bitterness , or regret .
Jesus did not feel the need to enumerate the disciples ’ shortcomings , including what they had done on the night he was arrested .
On the contrary , Jesus reassured Peter and the other apostles .
He confirmed his trust in them by giving them instructions about the most important educational work in human history .
To Jesus , the apostles were still his friends .
His love made a lasting impression on them .
They would try their best never again to let down their Master .
Indeed , they successfully carried out the task that he outlined for his followers . ​ — Acts 1 : 8 ; Col .
1 : 23 .
A sister named Elvira remembers vividly when she had a difference with her dear friend Giuliana : “ When she told me that she was hurt because of what I had done , ” Elvira recalls , “ I felt awful .
She had every right to be angry .
But what struck me was that she was mostly concerned about me and what would result from my behavior .
I will always appreciate that she didn’t focus on the wrong that I had done to her but , rather , on the damage I was doing to myself .
I thanked Jehovah that I had a friend who put my welfare above her own feelings . ”
Consequently , how will a good friend react when a friendship is in danger ?
He or she will be willing to talk kindly but openly when needed .
That friend will be like Nathan and Hushai , who remained loyal even during bad times , and like Jesus , who was willing to forgive .
Are you this type of friend ?
The shards of a 3,000 - year - old ceramic jar unearthed in 2012 recently stirred the interest of researchers .
What was so special about this find ?
It was not the fragments in themselves but what was written on them .
When archaeologists were finally able to piece the artifact together , they could decipher the ancient Canaanite script .
It read : “ Eshba’al Ben [ son of ] Beda ’ . ”
This is the first time that archaeologists have found this name in an ancient inscription .
Actually , another Eshbaal is mentioned in the Bible ​ — he was one of the sons of King Saul .
Professor Yosef Garfinkel , who participated in the excavation , observes : “ It is interesting to note that the name Eshba’al appears in the Bible , and now also in the archaeological record , only during the reign of King David . ”
Some think that it was a name unique to that specific time period .
Once again , a detail in the Bible has been borne out by archaeological evidence .
Elsewhere in the Bible , the name Eshbaal is presented as Ish - bosheth , “ baal ” being replaced with “ bosheth . ”
Why ?
“ In II Samuel there was apparently reluctance to use the name Eshba’al , which was reminiscent of the Canaanite storm god Ba’al , ” explain researchers , “ but the original name . . . was preserved in the Book of Chronicles . ʺ
3 “ What You Vow , Pay ”
How many vows have you made to Jehovah ?
One , two , or more ?
Do you feel that you are living up to them to the best of your ability ?
What about your dedication vow or your marriage vow ?
This article reminds us of the excellent examples that Jephthah and Hannah set for us as we faithfully strive to fulfill our vows to God .
9 What Will Go When God’s Kingdom Comes ?
We often think about what Jehovah will give us in Paradise , but in this article , we will focus on what he will take away .
What will Jehovah remove in order to build a peaceful , happy world ?
Contemplating the answer will strengthen our faith and our determination to endure .
14 Life Story ​ — Determined to Be a Soldier of Christ
18 “ The Judge of All the Earth ” Always Does What Is Right
23 Do You Share Jehovah’s Sense of Justice ?
When we believe that we have personally experienced or observed an injustice , our faith , humility , and loyalty may be tested .
These articles examine three Bible accounts that will assist us to have Jehovah’s view of justice .
28 May Your Volunteer Spirit Bring Praise to Jehovah !
Jehovah is complete in himself ; yet he is pleased to note our intense interest in supporting his sovereignty .
Judges chapters 4 and 5 indicate how Jehovah appreciates it when we willingly rally to carry out his clear direction .
“ The world is passing away and so is its desire , but the one who does the will of God remains forever . ” ​ — 1 JOHN 2 : 17 .
SONGS : 139 , 144
What will Jehovah do about wicked people and corrupt organizations ?
How will Jehovah rid the earth of wrong activities and distressful conditions ?
How can you make sure that you will remain when this wicked world passes away ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) In what way might this system of things be compared to a condemned criminal ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What will be the response to the execution of this wicked system ?
“ DEAD MAN WALKING ! ”
That cry rings out as a dangerous criminal is led from his prison cell , metal doors clanging behind him .
Why do the man’s guards say such a thing ?
The man seems relatively healthy ; no physical problem is about to rob him of his life .
However , the guards are leading him to a place of execution .
That condemned criminal is as good as dead .
*
In a sense , today’s system of things is like that man on death row .
This wicked world has long since been condemned , and its execution is now close at hand .
The Bible says : “ The world is passing away . ”
The system’s end is a certainty .
And yet , there is a key difference between this world’s end and that of the prisoner .
At the prisoner’s execution , some may protest the sentence , questioning its justice or perhaps hoping for a last - minute stay of execution .
In the case of this world , though , the sentence has been determined by the perfectly just Sovereign of the universe .
There will be no stay of execution , and there will be no lingering doubts about the justice of the sentence .
After it is carried out , every thinking creature in the universe will heartily agree that justice was done .
The relief will be immense !
We will discuss what four categories that will be gone when God’s Kingdom comes ?
What , though , is included in “ the world ” that is “ passing away ” ?
Much of what people today commonly consider to be permanent features of life in this world will be gone .
Is that sad news ?
Far from it !
In fact , it is a vital part of the “ good news of the Kingdom . ”
So let us focus on what will be gone when God’s Kingdom comes .
We will consider four broad categories : wicked people , corrupt organizations , wrong activities , and distressful conditions .
In each case , we will examine ( 1 ) how these features of life affect us now , ( 2 ) what Jehovah will do about them , and ( 3 ) how he will replace them with what is truly good .
In what ways do wicked people affect us now ?
How do wicked people affect us now ?
After foretelling that this present era would involve “ critical times hard to deal with , ” the apostle Paul was inspired to write : “ Wicked men and impostors will advance from bad to worse . ”
Have you seen those prophetic words come true ?
Many of us have been victims of wicked people , such as violent bullies , hateful bigots , and vicious criminals .
Some of those are openly wicked ; others are impostors , hiding what they do under an appearance of righteousness .
Even if we ourselves have not been victims , such wicked people still affect us .
We are sickened at heart when we learn of their horrible acts .
The way the wicked brutalize children , the elderly , and other defenseless ones fills us with horror .
Wicked people exhibit a spirit that seems subhuman , animalistic , even demonic .
Happily , Jehovah’s Word counters such bad news with good news .
( a ) What opportunity is still open to wicked individuals ?
( b ) What will be the final outcome for wicked people who refuse to change ?
What will Jehovah do ?
Right now Jehovah is giving wicked people an opportunity to change .
As individuals , they have not yet received their final judgment .
It is this system that stands condemned .
But what of those individuals who refuse to change , who continue to support this system right up to the time of the great tribulation ?
Jehovah has promised to rid the earth of wicked people for all time .
( Read Psalm 37 : 10 . )
The wicked may think that they are safe from such judgment .
Many have learned to hide what they do , and in this world they often seem to escape justice and consequences .
Yet , the Bible reminds us : “ God’s eyes are upon the ways of a man , and He sees all his steps .
There is no darkness or deep shadow where wrongdoers can conceal themselves . ”
There is no hiding from Jehovah God .
No impostor can fool him ; no shadow is so dark or deep that God’s limitless vision cannot pierce right to the heart of matters .
After Armageddon , then , we may look where the wicked used to be , but we will not see them .
They will be gone ​ — forever ! ​ — Ps . 37 : 12 - 15 .
Who will remain in place of wicked people , and why is that good news ?
Who will remain in place of wicked people ?
Jehovah makes this heartwarming promise : “ The meek will possess the earth , and they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ”
Later in the same psalm , we read : “ The righteous will possess the earth , and they will live forever on it . ”
Who are “ the meek ” and “ the righteous ” ?
The meek are those who humbly accept Jehovah’s teaching and guidance ; the righteous are those who love doing what is right in the eyes of Jehovah God .
In today’s world , righteous people are greatly outnumbered by the wicked .
But in the new world to come , the meek and the righteous will be neither a minority nor a majority ; they will be the only people alive .
Truly , a population of such people will make the earth a paradise !
How do corrupt organizations affect us today ?
How do corrupt organizations affect us now ?
Much of the evil that is done in this world is the work not of individuals but of organizations .
Think , for instance , of the religious organizations that deceive millions of people about the nature of God , the trustworthiness of the Bible , the future of the earth and mankind ​ — and many other subjects .
Or what about the governments that promote war and ethnic violence , that oppress the poor and defenseless , that thrive on bribery and favoritism ?
What about greedy corporations that pollute the environment , deplete natural resources , and exploit the gullibility of consumers in order to bring untold wealth to a few while millions struggle in poverty ?
Without question , corrupt organizations are responsible for much of the misery in today’s world .
According to the Bible , what will happen to organizations that seem solid to many people today ?
What will Jehovah do ?
The great tribulation will begin when the political elements turn against all false religious organizations as represented by the prostitute called Babylon the Great .
Those religious organizations will be completely destroyed .
What , though , about all the other corrupt organizations ?
The Bible uses mountains and islands to picture many of the organizations and institutions that seem so solid to mankind today .
( Read Revelation 6 : 14 . )
God’s Word foretells that the governments and all their dependent organizations will be rocked from their foundations .
The great tribulation will reach its climax with the destruction of all the governments of this old world and all those who side with them against God’s Kingdom .
Afterward , there will be no corrupt organizations at all !
Why can we be sure that the new earth will be well - organized ?
What will replace corrupt organizations ?
After Armageddon , will there be any organization on earth ?
The Bible tells us : “ There are new heavens and a new earth that we are awaiting according to his promise , and in these righteousness is to dwell . ”
The old heavens and earth , the corrupt governments and the earthly society under their control , will be gone .
They will be replaced by what ?
The expression “ new heavens and a new earth ” means that there will be a new government and a new earthly society over which that government rules .
The Kingdom under Jesus Christ will perfectly reflect the personality of Jehovah God , who is a God of order .
So the “ new earth ” will be organized .
There will be good men to care for matters .
They will be directed by Christ and his 144,000 corulers .
Imagine a time when all corrupt organizations will be replaced by a single , unified , and incorruptible organization !
What kind of wrong activities are common where you live , and how are you and your family affected ?
How do wrong activities affect us now ?
We live in a world full of wrongdoing .
Immoral , dishonest , and brutally violent deeds seem to saturate this system of things .
Parents in particular often struggle to shield their children from such wrongdoing .
The entertainment industry seems to become ever more skillful at glamorizing all kinds of wrongdoing while making a mockery of Jehovah’s standards of right and wrong .
True Christians work against that trend .
They fight to protect their integrity in an atmosphere that promotes disrespect for Jehovah’s standards .
What do we learn from Jehovah’s judgment of Sodom and Gomorrah ?
What will Jehovah do about wrong activities ?
Consider what he did about the wrongdoing that was common in Sodom and Gomorrah .
( Read 2 Peter 2 : 6 - 8 . )
The righteous man Lot was tormented by all the wrongdoing that surrounded him and his family .
When Jehovah brought destruction on that entire region , he was doing more than just putting an end to the wrongdoing there .
He was “ setting a pattern for ungodly people of things to come . ”
Just as Jehovah put an end to all the immoral activities back then , so he will put an end to similar wrongdoing today when he brings judgment against this present system of things .
What are some activities that you look forward to taking part in when this old system of things is gone ?
What will replace wrong activities ?
The Paradise earth will be bustling with happy activity .
Think of the thrilling work of turning this planet into a paradise or of building homes for ourselves and our loved ones .
Consider the prospect of welcoming back millions from the dead and helping to educate them about Jehovah’s ways as well as the history of his dealings with mankind .
Our lives will be full of activity that will contribute to our joy and to Jehovah’s praise !
The rebellion of Satan , Adam , and Eve has resulted in what distressful world conditions today ?
How do distressful conditions affect us now ?
Wicked people , corrupt organizations , and wrong activities all work together to produce distressing living conditions on this earth .
Who of us can claim to be untouched by warfare , poverty , or racism ?
And what about sickness and death ?
Those conditions touch us all .
They are the direct results of the rebellion against Jehovah on the part of three wicked individuals ​ — Satan , Adam , and Eve .
None of us can now escape the disorder that their rebellion unleashed .
What will Jehovah do about distressful conditions ?
Give an example .
What will Jehovah do about distressful conditions ?
Consider warfare .
Jehovah promises to put an end to it for all time .
( Read Psalm 46 : 8 , 9 . )
What about sickness ?
He will wipe it out .
And death ?
Jehovah will swallow it up forever !
He will end poverty .
He will do the same for all the other distressful conditions that make life miserable today .
He will even drive away the bad “ air ” of this world system , for the bad spirit of Satan and his demons will be gone at last . ​ — Eph .
2 : 2 .
Imagine a world without warfare , sickness , or death !
( See paragraph 15 )
What are some things that will be gone forever after Armageddon ?
Can you imagine a world without warfare , sickness , or death ?
Just think ​ — no armies , navies , or air forces !
No weapons or war memorials .
No hospitals , doctors , nurses , or health insurance ; no morgues , funeral homes , undertakers , or cemeteries !
And with crime gone , there will be no security industry , no alarm systems , no police forces , perhaps no locks or keys !
Think of the anxiety that will no longer trouble our mind and heart .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What relief will Armageddon survivors feel ?
Illustrate . ( b ) How can we be sure that we will remain after this old world is gone ?
What will life be like when distressing conditions are gone ?
It is not easy to imagine .
We have lived in this old world so long that we may have stopped noticing how much stress we feel over world conditions .
Similarly , people who live near a busy train station may no longer notice the noise , and those who live near a garbage dump may no longer notice the smell .
Ah , but take away all those negative factors ​ — what relief !
What will replace the stresses we feel now ?
Psalm 37 : 11 answers : “ They will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ”
Do not those words touch your heart ?
That is what Jehovah wants for you .
By all means , then , do everything in your power to stay close to Jehovah God and his organization during these stressful last days !
Cherish your hope , ponder over it , make it real in your mind and heart ​ — and share it generously with others !
That way , you can be sure that you will not pass away with this condemned old world .
On the contrary , you will remain ​ — alive and joyful — ​ for all eternity !
This paragraph describes a prison custom that was common practice years ago in some parts of the United States .
“ The Rock , perfect is his activity , for all his ways are justice . ” ​ — DEUT .
32 : 4 .
SONGS : 12 , 135
Micah 7 : 7
Proverbs 19 : 3
Matthew 18 : 15
How did Abraham express confidence in Jehovah’s sense of justice ?
( See opening picture . )
“ WILL the Judge of all the earth not do what is right ? ”
With that question , Abraham expressed confidence that Jehovah would render perfect justice in the case of Sodom and Gomorrah .
Abraham was convinced that Jehovah would never act unjustly by “ putting the righteous man to death with the wicked one . ”
Such an act was “ unthinkable ” to Abraham .
Some 400 years later , Jehovah said of himself : “ The Rock , perfect is his activity , for all his ways are justice .
A God of faithfulness who is never unjust ; righteous and upright is he . ” ​ — Deut . 31 : 19 ; 32 : 4 .
Why can it be said that Jehovah is incapable of injustice ?
Why could Abraham express confidence that Jehovah would always render a righteous judgment ?
Because Jehovah is the greatest example of justice and righteousness .
In fact , the Hebrew words rendered “ justice ” and “ righteousness ” often appear together in the Hebrew Scriptures .
Basically , there is no distinction between what is just and what is right .
Logically , since Jehovah is the ultimate standard of righteousness , his view of matters will always be just .
Further , according to his own written Word , “ he loves righteousness and justice . ” ​ — Ps .
33 : 5 .
Relate an example of injustice in today’s world .
Honesthearted ones are comforted by the knowledge that Jehovah is always just , for the world is saturated with injustice .
As a result , individuals have at times become the victims of gross wrongs .
For example , some people have been unjustly convicted and imprisoned .
Only with the introduction of DNA evidence in a review of the case have some been freed after spending decades in prison for crimes they did not commit .
While such wrongful imprisonments are a cause of frustration and even anger , Christians may find another type of injustice even more difficult to bear .
How might a Christian’s faith be tested ?
Christians expect to experience some injustice outside the Christian congregation .
However , our faith may be put to the test if we observe or experience what seems to be an injustice inside the congregation .
How will you react if you believe that you have experienced some wrong in the congregation or in your dealings with a fellow Christian ?
Will you allow that to be a cause for stumbling ?
Why should it come as no surprise if a Christian observes or experiences injustice in the congregation ?
Because all of us are imperfect and subject to sin , we realize that there is a possibility that we could either experience injustice ourselves or be the cause of it for someone else in the congregation .
Although such instances are rare , faithful Christians are not surprised or stumbled when injustices do occur .
For good reason , Jehovah has provided practical advice in his Word to assist us to maintain our integrity , even if we experience wrongs at the hands of fellow believers . ​ — Ps .
55 : 12 - 14 .
6 , 7 .
What injustice did one brother experience in the congregation , and what qualities helped him to handle the matter properly ?
Consider the experience of Willi Diehl .
Beginning in 1931 , Brother Diehl served faithfully at the Bethel home in Bern , Switzerland .
In 1946 , he attended the eighth class of Gilead School in New York , U.S.A .
After graduation , he was eventually assigned to the circuit work in Switzerland .
In his life story , Brother Diehl related : “ In May 1949 , I informed headquarters in Bern that I planned to marry . ”
The response from the Bern office ?
“ No privileges other than regular pioneering . ”
Brother Diehl went on to explain : “ I was not permitted to give talks . . .
Many no longer greeted us , treating us like disfellowshipped persons . ”
How did Brother Diehl handle that situation ?
He stated : “ We knew , however , that getting married was not unscriptural , so we took refuge in prayer and put our trust in Jehovah . ”
Eventually , the mistaken view regarding marriage that prompted the injustice was corrected , and Brother Diehl’s privileges of service were restored .
His loyalty to Jehovah was rewarded .
* We do well to ask ourselves : ‘ Would I demonstrate a similar spiritual outlook if I experienced such injustice ?
Would I patiently wait on Jehovah , or would I be inclined to take matters into my own hands ? ’ ​ — Prov . 11 : 2 ; read Micah 7 : 7 .
Why might you mistakenly conclude that you have been a victim of injustice or that someone else has been ?
On the other hand , you could mistakenly conclude that you have been a victim of injustice or that another member of the congregation has been .
This could happen because of our imperfect view of matters or because we do not have all the facts .
In either case , whether our understanding of matters is accurate or mistaken , prayerful reliance on Jehovah , combined with loyalty , will prevent us from ever becoming “ enraged against Jehovah . ” ​ — Read Proverbs 19 : 3 .
What examples will we consider in this article and in the next ?
Let us reflect on three examples of injustice that occurred among Jehovah’s people in Bible times .
In this article , we will consider Abraham’s great - grandson Joseph and his experience with his brothers .
In the next article , we will examine Jehovah’s dealings with Israel’s King Ahab as well as the apostle Peter’s experience in Syrian Antioch .
As we discuss these examples , look for lessons that will help you maintain your spiritual focus and preserve your relationship with Jehovah , especially when you believe that you have experienced injustice .
10 , 11 . ( a ) What injustices did Joseph experience ?
( b ) What opportunity presented itself while Joseph was in prison ?
Joseph , a faithful servant of Jehovah , experienced injustice , not only at the hands of outsiders but also , more painfully , at the hands of his fleshly brothers .
When Joseph was in his late teens , his brothers kidnapped him and sold him as a slave .
Against his will , he was taken to Egypt .
After some time in that foreign country , he was falsely accused of attempted rape and was imprisoned without a trial .
His ordeal as a slave and a prisoner lasted for about 13 years .
What lessons can we learn from Joseph’s experience that will help us if we face injustice at the hands of a fellow believer ?
Joseph had an opportunity to present his case to a fellow prisoner .
That prisoner was the former chief cupbearer of the king .
During the time that Joseph and the cupbearer were imprisoned together , the cupbearer had a dream , which Joseph interpreted .
Joseph explained that the cupbearer would be restored to his former position in Pharaoh’s court .
When Joseph shared this divinely inspired interpretation , he took advantage of the opportunity to explain his own situation .
We can learn valuable lessons not only from what Joseph said but also from what he did not say . ​ — Gen .
40 : 5 - 13 .
12 , 13 . ( a ) How did Joseph’s words to the cupbearer show that he did not passively accept the injustices he suffered ?
( b ) What details did Joseph evidently not include in his conversation with the cupbearer ?
Read Genesis 40 : 14 , 15 .
Notice that Joseph described himself as having been “ kidnapped . ”
The original - language term literally means that he had been “ stolen . ”
Clearly , he was the victim of injustice .
Joseph also stated that he was not guilty of the crime for which he was imprisoned .
On that basis , he asked the cupbearer to mention him to Pharaoh .
Why ?
He explained his goal : “ In order to get me out of this place . ”
Were Joseph’s words those of a man who passively accepted his situation ?
Certainly not .
He was keenly aware that he was the victim of many injustices .
He clearly explained the facts to the cupbearer , who perhaps would be in a position to assist him .
Note , however , that there is nothing in the Scriptures to indicate that Joseph ever told anyone ​ — not even Pharaoh — ​ that his brothers were his kidnappers .
In fact , when his brothers came to Egypt and were reconciled with Joseph , Pharaoh welcomed them and invited them to make their home in Egypt and to enjoy “ the best of all the land . ” ​ — Gen .
45 : 16 - 20 .
Negative speech may cause a problem to get out of control ( See paragraph 14 )
What will protect us from the trap of negative speech even if we experience injustice in the congregation ?
When a Christian believes that he is the victim of injustice , he should be careful not to engage in harmful gossip .
Of course , it is entirely proper to seek assistance from the elders and to inform them if a member of the congregation is guilty of a serious wrong .
However , in many cases that do not involve serious wrongdoing , it may be possible to resolve a difference without involving anyone else , not even the elders .
( Read Matthew 5 : 23 , 24 ; 18 : 15 . )
May we loyally handle such matters in line with Bible principles .
In some cases , we may come to realize that we were not the victim of an injustice after all .
How grateful we would be that we did not make a situation worse by slandering a fellow Christian !
Remember , whether we are right or wrong , engaging in hurtful speech will never improve a situation .
Loyalty to Jehovah and to our brothers will protect us from making such a mistake .
Speaking of “ the one who is walking faultlessly , ” the psalmist said that “ he does not slander with his tongue , he does nothing bad to his neighbor , and he does not defame his friends . ” ​ — Ps . 15 : 2 , 3 ; Jas .
3 : 5 . How did Joseph’s relationship with Jehovah prove to be a blessing to him ?
We find a more important lesson in Joseph’s relationship with Jehovah .
Throughout his 13 - year ordeal , Joseph demonstrated that he had Jehovah’s view of matters .
He never blamed Jehovah for his situation .
Although he did not forget the wrongs he suffered , he did not become embittered by them .
Most important , he did not allow the imperfections and wrong actions of others to separate him from Jehovah .
Joseph’s loyalty gave him the opportunity to see Jehovah’s hand in correcting the injustices and in blessing him and his family .
Why should we draw even closer to Jehovah if we experience injustice in the congregation ?
In a similar way , we must cherish and guard our relationship with Jehovah .
Never should we allow the imperfections of our brothers to separate us from the God we love and worship .
Instead , if we experience injustice at the hands of a fellow worshipper , let us be like Joseph and draw even closer to Jehovah , striving to have his view of matters .
When we have done all that we Scripturally can to remedy the situation , we need to leave the matter in Jehovah’s hands , confident that he will correct it in his own time and way .
How can we show that we have confidence in “ the Judge of all the earth ” ?
As long as we live in this system of things , we can expect to experience injustices .
On rare occasions , you or someone you know may experience or observe what seems to be an injustice in the congregation .
Do not let yourself be stumbled .
Instead , as faithful servants of God , we loyally and prayerfully rely on him .
At the same time , we modestly acknowledge that we likely do not have all the facts .
We are keenly aware that the fault may lie in our imperfect view of matters .
As we learned from the example of Joseph , we want to avoid negative speech , knowing that such speech only makes a bad situation worse .
Finally , rather than taking matters into our own hands , let us be determined to be loyal and wait patiently on Jehovah to correct matters .
Such an approach is sure to bring Jehovah’s approval and blessing , just as it did in the case of Joseph .
Yes , we can be certain that Jehovah , “ the Judge of all the earth , ” will always do what is right , “ for all his ways are justice . ” ​ — Gen .
18 : 25 ; Deut . 32 : 4 .
What will we consider in the next article ?
In the next article , we will consider two additional instances of unjust treatment that occurred among Jehovah’s people in Bible times .
A review of these accounts will highlight how humility and a willingness to forgive are related to Jehovah’s view of justice .
See Willi Diehl’s life story , “ Jehovah Is My God , in Whom I Will Trust , ” in the November 1 , 1991 , issue of The Watchtower .
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
An enthusiastic field service group leaving for witnessing activity in Lusaka , Zambia .
The well - maintained Kingdom Hall serves as a powerful witness to Jehovah
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ You must pay your vows to Jehovah . ” ​ — MATT . 5 : 33 .
SONGS : 124 , 51
your dedication vow ?
your marriage vow ?
the vow that you have taken if you are in special full - time service ?
( a ) What did Judge Jephthah and Hannah have in common ?
( See opening pictures . ) ( b ) What questions will be answered in this article ?
HE WAS a valiant leader ; she was a submissive wife .
He was a brave warrior ; she was a humble homemaker .
Besides worshipping the same God , what could Judge Jephthah and Elkanah’s wife Hannah possibly have in common ?
Each was under a vow to God , and they both faithfully paid their vow to him .
They are excellent examples for men and women today who choose to make vows to Jehovah .
However , some key questions arise : What is a vow ?
How serious is it to make a vow to God ?
What lessons can we learn from Jephthah and Hannah ?
2 , 3 . ( a ) What is a vow ?
( b ) What do the Scriptures say about making vows to God ?
As used in the Bible , a vow is a solemn promise that is made to God .
A person promises to perform some act , to offer some gift , to enter some type of service , or to abstain from certain things .
Vows are made voluntarily , of one’s own free will .
Nevertheless , they are sacred and binding in God’s eyes because they carry the force of an oath ​ — a sworn statement — ​ that promises that a person will or will not do a certain thing .
What do the Scriptures say about the seriousness of making vows to God ?
The Mosaic Law stated : “ If a man makes a vow to Jehovah or swears an oath to impose on himself a vow . . . , he must not violate his word . He should do everything he vowed he would do . ”
Later , Solomon was inspired to write : “ Whenever you make a vow to God , do not delay to pay it , for he finds no pleasure in the stupid ones .
What you vow , pay . ”
Jesus confirmed the seriousness of making vows when he stated : “ It was said to those of ancient times : ‘ You must not swear without performing , but you must pay your vows to Jehovah . ’ ” ​ — Matt .
5 : 33 .
( a ) How serious is it to make a vow to God ?
( b ) What do we want to learn about Jephthah and Hannah ?
It is clear , then , that it is a very serious matter to make promises to God .
The way we treat our vows affects our relationship with Jehovah .
David wrote : “ Who may ascend to the mountain of Jehovah , and who may stand up in his holy place ?
Anyone . . . who has not sworn a false oath by My [ Jehovah’s ] life , nor taken an oath deceitfully . ”
What did Jephthah and Hannah vow , and how easy was it for them to pay their vow ?
What did Jephthah vow , and what was the result ?
Jephthah faithfully kept the promise that he had made to Jehovah when going out to war against the Ammonites , who had been terrorizing God’s people .
Earnestly desiring a victory , Jephthah vowed : “ If you give the Ammonites into my hand , then whoever comes out of the door of my house to meet me when I return in peace from the Ammonites will become Jehovah’s . ”
The result ?
The Ammonites were conquered , and it was Jephthah’s beloved daughter who came out to meet him upon his victorious return .
She would be the one who would “ become Jehovah’s . ”
What did that mean for her ?
( a ) How easy was it for Jephthah and his daughter to pay his vow to God ?
( b ) What do Deuteronomy 23 : 21 , 23 and Psalm 15 : 4 impress upon you about making a vow to God ?
To pay her father’s vow , Jephthah’s daughter had to serve Jehovah full - time at his sanctuary .
Was it a thoughtless vow that Jephthah had made ?
No , for he might well have known that his daughter could be the one who would come out of his house to meet him .
Even so , it was an emotionally difficult situation for father and daughter ​ — a real sacrifice for both of them .
When he saw her , Jephthah “ ripped his garments ” and said that his heart was broken .
His daughter ‘ wept over her virginity . ’
Why ?
Jephthah had no son , and his only daughter would never be able to marry and bear him grandchildren .
There would be no way to pass on the family name and legacy .
That was not the most important consideration , though .
Jephthah said : “ I have opened my mouth to Jehovah , and I am unable to turn back . ”
And his daughter replied : “ Do to me as you have promised . ”
These were loyal individuals who would never have thought of breaking a vow that was made to the Most High God ​ — no matter what it cost them personally . ​ — Read Deuteronomy 23 : 21 , 23 ; Psalm 15 : 4 .
( a ) What did Hannah vow , and why , and how did it turn out for her ?
( b ) What did Hannah’s vow mean for Samuel ?
( See footnote . )
Hannah was another one who faithfully kept the vow that she had made to Jehovah .
She made her promise when she was in great anguish and distress over her barrenness and the constant insults she was subjected to .
Hannah poured out her soul to God and vowed : “ O Jehovah of armies , if you look upon the affliction of your servant and remember me and you do not forget your servant and give to your servant a male child , I will give him to Jehovah all the days of his life , and no razor will touch his head . ”
* Hannah’s request was granted , and she gave birth to her firstborn ​ — a son .
What joy that brought her !
Still , she did not forget the vow she had made to God .
When she gave birth to her baby boy , she announced : “ It is from Jehovah that I have asked him . ” ​ — 1 Sam .
1 : 20 .
( a ) How easy was it for Hannah to pay her vow ?
( b ) How do David’s expressions recorded in Psalm 61 remind you of Hannah’s exemplary attitude ?
As soon as young Samuel was weaned , at about the age of three , Hannah did exactly as she had vowed to God .
She did not even think of doing otherwise .
She took Samuel to High Priest Eli at the tabernacle in Shiloh and said : “ It was for this boy that I prayed , and Jehovah granted my petition that I asked of him . I , in turn , now lend him to Jehovah .
For all his days , he is lent to Jehovah . ”
There , “ the boy Samuel continued growing up before Jehovah . ”
But what did that mean for Hannah ?
She dearly loved her little boy , but now she would not be able to have everyday contact with him during his boyhood .
Think of how she longed to cuddle him , to play with him , to nurture him ​ — to share in all the endearing memories that a loving mother cherishes as she watches her little one grow up .
Even so , Hannah had no regrets about keeping her vow to God .
Her heart rejoiced in Jehovah . ​ — 1 Sam . 2 : 1 , 2 ; read Psalm 61 : 1 , 5 , 8 .
Are you paying your vows to Jehovah ?
What questions remain to be answered ?
Now that we understand how serious it is to make a vow to God , let us consider these questions : What sort of vows might we as Christians make ?
Also , how determined should we be to keep our vows ?
Dedication vow ( See paragraph 10 )
What is the most important vow that a Christian can make , and what does it entail ?
The most important vow that a Christian can make is the one with which he dedicates his life to Jehovah .
Why so ?
Because , in private prayer , he solemnly promises Jehovah that he will use his life to serve God forever , no matter what .
To use Jesus ’ words , a person thus ‘ disowns himself , ’ gives up all rights to himself , and vows to put God’s will above everything else in his life .
From that day forward , ‘ he belongs to Jehovah . ’
Anyone who makes a dedication vow should take it very seriously , just as did the psalmist who spoke of the vows he had made to God : “ With what will I repay Jehovah for all the good he has done for me ?
I will pay my vows to Jehovah in the presence of all his people . ” ​ — Ps . 116 : 12 , 14 .
What happened on your baptism day ?
Have you dedicated your life to Jehovah and symbolized your dedication by water baptism ?
If so , that is wonderful !
Recall that on your baptism day , before eyewitnesses , you were asked whether you had dedicated yourself to Jehovah and understood that “ your dedication and baptism identify you as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses in association with God’s spirit - directed organization . ”
Your affirmative answers served as a public declaration of your unreserved dedication and showed that you were qualified for baptism as an ordained minister of Jehovah .
You must have made Jehovah very happy !
( a ) What questions do we do well to ask ourselves ?
( b ) What qualities did Peter say we should look for in ourselves ?
Baptism is just the beginning , though .
Thereafter , we want to continue living up to our dedication in faithful service to God .
Hence , we might ask ourselves : ‘ How has my spiritual life progressed since my baptism ?
Am I continuing to serve Jehovah wholeheartedly ?
Am I praying , reading God’s Word , attending congregation meetings , and sharing in the ministry as often as possible ?
Or has there been some lessening of these spiritual activities ? ’
The apostle Peter explained that we can avoid becoming inactive in our service if we keep supplying to our faith knowledge , endurance , and godly devotion . ​ — Read 2 Peter 1 : 5 - 8 .
What must a dedicated , baptized Christian realize ?
There is no way to undo a dedication vow , taking back what we promised God .
If a person tires of serving Jehovah or of living a Christian way of life , he cannot claim that he was never really dedicated and that his baptism was invalid .
* To all intents and purposes , he presented himself as one who was wholly dedicated to God .
He will be accountable before Jehovah and the congregation for any serious sins that he may commit .
May it never be said of us that ‘ we left the love we had at first . ’
Instead , we want Jesus to be able to say of us : “ I know your deeds , and your love and faith and ministry and endurance , and that your deeds of late are more than those you did at first . ”
May we zealously continue to live up to our dedication vow ​ — to Jehovah’s delight .
Marriage vow ( See paragraph 14 )
What is the second most important vow that a person can make , and why ?
The second most important vow that a person can make is the marriage vow .
Why so ?
Because marriage is sacred .
Before God and eyewitnesses , the bride and groom exchange their marriage vows .
They usually promise that they will love , cherish , and respect each other and that they will do so “ for as long as [ they ] both shall live together on earth according to God’s marital arrangement . ”
Others may not have said these exact words , but they still made a vow before God .
They are then pronounced husband and wife , and their marriage is meant to be a lifelong bond .
“ Therefore , ” to use Jesus ’ words , “ what God has yoked together , let no man put apart ” ​ — neither the husband nor the wife nor anyone else .
Thus , couples entering marriage must have the view that divorce is not an option . ​ — Mark 10 : 9 .
Why must Christians not adopt the world’s casual attitude toward marriage ?
Of course , there has never been a perfect marriage .
Each marriage is made up of two imperfect people .
That is why the Bible says that married people “ will have tribulation ” at times .
Sad to say , many individuals in this world have a casual attitude toward marriage .
When the relationship becomes strained , they just give up and walk out on their marriage mate .
That , however , is not the Christian way .
Breaking one’s marriage vow is equivalent to lying to God , and God hates liars !
The apostle Paul wrote : “ Are you bound to a wife ?
Stop seeking a release . ”
Paul could say that because he knew that Jehovah also hates a treacherous divorce . ​ — Mal .
2 : 13 - 16 .
What does the Bible say about divorce and separation ?
Jesus taught that the only Scriptural ground for dissolving a marriage vow is when an innocent mate chooses not to forgive an adulterous partner .
What , then , about separating from one’s marriage mate ?
The Bible is clear on this too .
( Read 1 Corinthians 7 : 10 , 11 . )
The Bible does not set out grounds for marital separation .
However , some married Christians have viewed certain situations as a reason for separation , such as the extreme endangerment of one’s life or spirituality by an abusive or apostate spouse .
*
How can a Christian couple make their marriage a lasting union ?
When individuals approach congregation elders for advice about marital problems , the elders do well to ask whether the couple have recently watched the video What Is True Love ?
and studied together the brochure Your Family Can Be Happy .
Why ?
Because these tools highlight the godly principles that have helped many to strengthen their marriage .
One couple said : “ Since we have been studying this brochure , our marriage has been happier than ever . ”
A wife said of her 22 - year - long marriage that was at the point of a breakup : “ We are both baptized , but we were on two different pages emotionally .
The video came right on time !
We are doing much better now as a couple . ”
Are you married ?
By all means , apply Jehovah’s principles in your marriage .
Doing so will help you to live up to your marriage vow ​ — happily !
18 , 19 . ( a ) What have many Christian parents done ?
( b ) What can be said about those who are in special full - time service ?
Did you realize what else Jephthah and Hannah had in common ?
Their respective vows resulted in Jephthah’s daughter and Hannah’s son being devoted to special , sacred service at the tabernacle .
That meant a most satisfying way of life .
Today , many Christian parents have encouraged their children to take up the full - time ministry and to center their lives on their service to God .
Those who have done so are worthy of sincere commendation . ​ — Judg .
11 : 40 ; Ps . 110 : 3 .
Special full - time service vow ( See paragraph 19 )
Currently , there are some 67,000 members of the Worldwide Order of Special Full - Time Servants of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Some perform Bethel service , others engage in construction or in circuit work , serve as field instructors or special pioneers or missionaries or as Assembly Hall or Bible school facility servants .
They are all bound by a “ Vow of Obedience and Poverty , ” with which they agree to do whatever is assigned to them in the advancement of Kingdom interests , to live a simple lifestyle , and to abstain from secular employment without permission .
It is not the people but their assignments that are viewed as special .
They realize the seriousness of humbly living up to their solemn vow for as long as they remain in special full - time service .
What should we do “ day after day , ” and why ?
How many of the vows that we have discussed have you made to God ​ — one , two , or all three ?
You surely realize that your vows should not be treated lightly .
The failure to keep one’s word to Jehovah and to pay a vow may have serious consequences .
So let us happily ‘ sing praises to Jehovah’s name forever as we pay our vows day after day . ’ ​ — Ps .
61 : 8 .
According to Hannah’s vow , her child would become a lifelong Nazirite , meaning that he was to be singled out , dedicated , and separated for Jehovah’s sacred service . ​ — Num .

6 : 2 , 5 , 8 .
Considering the steps that the elders take to be sure that a person is qualified for baptism , it would be extremely rare for anyone’s baptism to be invalid .
See the Appendix article “ The Bibleʼs View on Divorce and Separation ” in the book “ Keep Yourselves in Godʼs Love . ”
LIFE STORY
As told by Demetrius Psarras
As bullets whizzed around me , I slowly raised a white handkerchief .
The soldiers who were shooting yelled for me to come out from my hiding place .
Cautiously , I approached them , not knowing whether I would live or die .
How did I come to be in this predicament ?
I ENTERED this world the seventh of eight children born to hardworking parents in Karítsa , a small village in Greece . The year was 1926 .
The year before , my parents had met John Papparizos , a zealous and talkative Bible Student , as Jehovah’s Witnesses were then called .
Impressed by John’s sound Scriptural reasoning , they began attending meetings of the Bible Students in our village .
My mother had an unshakable faith in Jehovah God , and even though she was illiterate , she shared it with others at every appropriate opportunity .
Sadly , my father focused on people’s imperfections and gradually gave up attending Christian meetings .
My siblings and I respected the Bible but grew up distracted by youthful pleasures .
Then , in 1939 , as World War II engulfed Europe , an event in our village jolted us .
Our neighbor and cousin , Nicolas Psarras , a newly baptized Witness , was conscripted into the Greek army .
Nicolas , aged 20 , boldly told the military authorities , “ I cannot fight because I am a soldier of Christ . ”
He was tried by a military court and sentenced to ten years in jail .
We were stunned !
Fortunately , early in 1941 , the Allied army briefly entered Greece and Nicolas was released from jail .
He made his way back to Karítsa , where my older brother , Ilias , bombarded him with questions about the Bible .
I eagerly listened in .
Afterward , Ilias and I and our youngest sister , Efmorfia , started to study the Bible , and we regularly attended meetings with the Witnesses .
The following year , the three of us dedicated our lives to Jehovah and got baptized .
Later , four more of our siblings also became faithful Witnesses .
In 1942 , the Karítsa Congregation had nine young men and women between the ages of 15 and 25 .
We all knew that severe trials lay ahead .
So to strengthen ourselves , we got together whenever we could to study the Bible , sing spiritual songs , and pray .
As a result , our faith was strengthened .
Demetrius and friends at Karítsa
Just as World War II was ending , Greek communists rebelled against the Greek government , triggering a bitter civil war .
Communist guerrillas roamed the countryside , forcing villagers to join their ranks .
When they raided our village , they kidnapped three young Witnesses ​ — Antonio Tsoukaris , Ilias , and me .
We pleaded that we were Christian neutrals ; yet they forced us to march to Mount Olympus , about 12 hours from our village .
Soon afterward , a communist officer ordered us to join a guerrilla raiding party .
When we explained that true Christians do not take up arms against their fellow man , the enraged officer dragged us before a general .
When we repeated our story , the general ordered , “ Then take a mule and carry the wounded from the battlefield to the hospital . ”
“ But what if we were captured by government soldiers ? ” we replied .
“ Would they not view us as active combatants ? ”
“ Then deliver bread to the front lines , ” he said .
“ But what if an officer sees us with the mule and orders us to carry weapons to the front lines ? ”
we reasoned . The general thought long and hard .
Finally , he exclaimed : “ Well , surely you can look after sheep !
Stay on the mountain and tend the flocks . ”
So as the civil war raged around us , the three of us felt that our consciences would allow us to take care of the sheep .
A year later , Ilias , as the oldest son , was allowed to return home to care for our widowed mother .
Antonio fell sick and was released .
I , however , remained a captive .
Meanwhile , the Greek army was steadily closing in on the communists .
The group holding me captive fled through the mountains toward neighboring Albania .
Nearing the border , we suddenly found ourselves surrounded by Greek soldiers .
The rebels panicked and fled .
I hid behind a fallen tree , which led to my encounter with the soldiers mentioned earlier .
When I told the Greek soldiers that I had been held captive by the communists , they took me to be assessed at a military camp near Véroia , the ancient Bible city of Beroea .
There I was ordered to dig trenches for the soldiers .
When I refused , the commanding officer ordered me into exile on the dreaded penal isle of Makrónisos ( Makronisi ) .
The bleak , waterless , sun - drenched rock called Makrónisos sits on the Attica coast about 30 miles ( 50 km ) from Athens .
The island is just eight miles ( 13 km ) long and 1.5 miles ( 2.5 km ) across at its widest point .
Yet , from 1947 to 1958 , it hosted more than 100,000 prisoners , including active and suspected communists , former resistance fighters , and scores of faithful Witnesses of Jehovah .
When I arrived in early 1949 , the prisoners were divided into several camps .
I was placed in a low - security camp along with several hundred other men .
About 40 of us slept on the ground in a canvas tent designed to hold 10 people .
We drank putrid water and ate mostly lentils and eggplants .
The constant dust and wind made life miserable .
But at least we did not have to haul rocks endlessly back and forth , a sadistic torture that broke the bodies and minds of many unfortunate prisoners .
With other exiled Witnesses on Makrónisos Island
One day while walking on the beach , I met several Witnesses from other camps .
How we rejoiced to be together !
Taking great care to avoid detection , we met whenever we could .
We also discreetly preached to other prisoners , some of whom later became Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Those activities and heartfelt prayer helped to sustain us spiritually .
After I had been through ten months of “ rehabilitation , ” my captors decided that it was time I put on a military uniform .
When I refused , they hauled me before the camp commandant .
I handed the man a written statement , saying , “ I only want to be a soldier of Christ . ”
After threatening me , the commandant handed me over to his second - in - command , a Greek Orthodox archbishop decked out in full religious regalia .
When I boldly answered his questions from the Scriptures , he angrily roared : “ Take him away .
He is a fanatic ! ”
The following morning , soldiers again ordered me to put on an army uniform .
When I refused , they beat me with their fists and a wooden baton .
They then took me to the camp infirmary to confirm that my bones were not broken and dragged me back to my tent .
This daily ritual continued for two months .
Because I would not compromise my faith , the frustrated soldiers finally tried a new tack .
Tying my hands behind my back , soldiers savagely beat the soles of my feet with ropes .
Through the intense pain , I recalled Jesus ’ words : “ Happy are you when people reproach you and persecute you . . .
Rejoice and be overjoyed , since your reward is great in the heavens , for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you . ”
Finally , after what seemed to be an eternity , I fell unconscious .
I awoke in an icy cell without bread , water , or a blanket .
Even so , I felt calm and composed .
As the Bible promises , “ the peace of God ” was ‘ guarding my heart and my thoughts . ’
The following day , a kindly soldier gave me bread and water and an overcoat .
Then another soldier gave me his rations .
In these and many other ways , I felt Jehovah’s tender care .
The authorities viewed me as an incorrigible rebel and took me to Athens to face a military court .
There I was sentenced to three years in prison on Yíaros ( Gyaros ) , an island about 30 miles ( 50 km ) east of Makrónisos .
Yíaros prison was a huge red - brick fortress holding more than 5,000 political prisoners .
It also held seven Witnesses of Jehovah , all imprisoned for their Christian neutrality .
Although it was strictly forbidden , the seven of us secretly met together to study the Bible .
We even regularly received smuggled copies of The Watchtower , which we copied by hand to use in our studies .
One day while we were secretly studying , a prison guard stumbled on our gathering and confiscated our literature .
We were summoned to the deputy warden’s office , fully expecting that our sentences would be extended .
Instead , the deputy warden said : “ We know who you are , and we respect your stand .
We know that we can trust you .
Go back to work . ”
He even assigned some of us easier duties .
Our hearts swelled with gratitude .
Even in prison our Christian integrity could bring praise to Jehovah .
Our steadfastness also brought other fine results .
After closely observing our good behavior , a prisoner who was a professor of mathematics was moved to ask about our beliefs .
When we Witnesses were released in early 1951 , he too was released .
Later , he became a baptized Witness and a full - time evangelizer .
With my wife , Janette
As for me , after my release , I returned to my family at Karítsa .
Later , along with many of my countrymen , I migrated to Melbourne , Australia .
There I met and married Janette , a fine Christian sister , and we raised a son and three daughters in the Christian way .
Today , past the age of 90 , I am still active as a Christian elder .
Because of my old injuries , my body and feet sometimes ache , especially after I share in the preaching work .
Nevertheless , I am as determined as ever to be a “ soldier of Christ . ” ​ — 2 Tim .
2 : 3 .
“ Because of the people’s volunteering , praise Jehovah ! ” ​ — JUDG .
5 : 2 .
SONGS : 84 , 75
that Jehovah takes no delight in a person who neglects His work ?
that Jehovah values and rewards the faithful service of mere humans ?
that your displaying a volunteer spirit matters to Jehovah ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What did Eliphaz and Bildad claim about the effect of our service to God ?
( b ) How did Jehovah make his feelings known ?
“ CAN a man be of use to God ?
Can anyone with insight be of benefit to him ?
Does the Almighty care that you are righteous , or does he gain anything because you follow the course of integrity ? ”
Have you ever wondered about the answers to questions such as these ?
When Eliphaz the Temanite first posed them to Job , Eliphaz no doubt believed that the answer was no .
His associate , Bildad the Shuhite , even argued that a righteous standing before God is not possible for humans . ​ — Read Job 25 : 4 .
These false comforters claimed that our efforts to serve Jehovah loyally are of no benefit to him at all , that our value to God is no more than that of a moth , a maggot , or a worm .
At first glance , we might conclude that Eliphaz and Bildad displayed a humble attitude .
After all , from the top of a high mountain or from the window of an airplane , human activity may seem insignificant .
However , is that how Jehovah views our contribution to the Kingdom work as he looks at our planet from his lofty perspective ?
Jehovah made his feelings known when he reproved Eliphaz , Bildad , and Zophar for speaking falsehood but took delight in Job , referring to him as “ my servant . ”
Thus , a person can indeed “ be of use to God . ”
What did Elihu say about our efforts to serve Jehovah , and what did he mean ?
Elihu was not corrected by Jehovah for asking : “ If you are righteous , what do you give him [ God ] ; what does he receive from you ? ”
Was Elihu suggesting that our efforts in God’s service are pointless ?
No .
He was saying that Jehovah does not depend on our worship .
Jehovah is complete .
We cannot make him richer or stronger .
On the contrary , any goodness , talent , or strength that we possess is a trust from God , and he takes note of how we use it .
To what does Jehovah liken our kindly giving to others ?
Jehovah considers acts of loyal love expressed toward his servants as being rendered to him personally .
“ The one showing favor to the lowly is lending to Jehovah , and He will repay him for what he does , ” says Proverbs 19 : 17 .
Is this scripture implying that Jehovah takes note of every act of kindness performed in behalf of lowly ones ?
Can we conclude that the Creator of the universe considers himself to be indebted to mere humans who perform deeds of mercy and that he views such giving as loans that he repays with favor and blessings ?
Yes , and this was verified by God’s own Son . ​ — Read Luke 14 : 13 , 14 .
What questions will we now consider ?
Jehovah invited the prophet Isaiah to speak on His behalf , revealing His pleasure in having faithful humans take part in the outworking of His purpose .
Isaiah willingly accepted that invitation .
Today , thousands are demonstrating that same “ Here I am !
Send me ! ” spirit in taking up challenging assignments in Jehovah’s service .
Still , one might ask : ‘ Does my individual effort really matter ?
While it is gracious of Jehovah to allow me to volunteer and participate , will he not provide whatever is needed to fulfill his Word no matter how much I personally choose to do in his service ? ’
Consider how the events that unfolded in the days of Deborah and Barak answer these questions .
What contrast was there between Israel’s villagers and Jabin’s army ?
The Israelites had been “ harshly oppressed ” by Canaanite King Jabin for 20 years .
Villagers were afraid even to be seen in public .
From a military standpoint , they were ill - equipped , having neither offensive weapons nor defensive armor , whereas their enemies had 900 war chariots with iron scythes . ​ — Judg .
4 : 1 - 3 , 13 ; 5 : 6 - 8 .
*
7 , 8 . ( a ) What initial instructions did Jehovah give Barak ?
( b ) How did Israel defeat Jabin’s army ?
( See opening picture . )
Nevertheless , Jehovah gave Barak this clear command through Deborah the prophetess : “ Go and march to Mount Tabor , and take 10,000 men of Naphtali and Zebulun with you .
I will bring to you Sisera , the chief of Jabin’s army , along with his war chariots and his troops to the stream of Kishon , and I will give him into your hand . ” ​ — Judg .
4 : 4 - 7 .
Word spread .
The volunteers gathered at Mount Tabor .
Barak wasted no time in following Jehovah’s instructions .
( Read Judges 4 : 14 - 16 . )
During the main battle in Taanach , a sudden cloudburst turned the surroundings into a marsh .
Barak chased Sisera’s army all the way to Harosheth ​ — a 15 - mile ( 24 km ) route .
At some point along the way , Sisera abandoned his once frightening but now useless chariot and ran to Zaanannim , perhaps near Kedesh .
He sought refuge in the tent of Jael , the wife of Heber the Kenite , and was welcomed by Jael .
Exhausted from battle , he fell asleep .
Sisera was now vulnerable to Jael’s decisive act of courage to put him to death .
Israel’s enemy was defeated !
*
What details does Judges 5 : 20 , 21 provide regarding the battle against Sisera ?
Judges chapters 4 and 5 should be studied together , for each chapter reveals details not contained in the other .
For instance , Judges 5 : 20 , 21 reports : “ From heaven the stars fought ; from their orbits they fought against Sisera .
The torrent of Kishon washed them away . ”
Is this a reference to angelic assistance , or was there some sort of meteorite shower ?
The account does not elaborate .
But to what else besides divine intervention can we attribute such torrential rains at that precise location and exact moment , so as to swamp 900 war chariots ?
Three times at Judges 4 : 14 , 15 , the victory is attributed to Jehovah .
None of the 10,000 Israelite volunteers could boast about bringing this deliverance .
10 , 11 .
What was “ Meroz , ” and why was it cursed ?
Strangely , though , in the midst of Deborah and Barak’s victory song praising Jehovah for a miraculous conquest , they sang : “ ‘ Curse Meroz , ’ said the angel of Jehovah , ‘ yes , curse its inhabitants , for they did not come to the assistance of Jehovah , to the assistance of Jehovah with the mighty ones . ’ ” ​ — Judg .
5 : 23 .
Meroz was evidently cursed so effectively that it is difficult to say with certainty what it was .
Could it have been a city whose inhabitants failed to respond to the initial rally for volunteers ?
If it lay on Sisera’s escape route , did its citizens have a chance to detain him but fail to seize the opportunity ?
How could they not have heard of Jehovah’s call for volunteers ?
Ten thousand people from their region had been assembled for this offensive .
Imagine the people of Meroz catching sight of this vicious warrior as he ran right through their streets alone and desperate .
This would have been a splendid opportunity to advance Jehovah’s purpose and experience his blessing .
Yet , at that critical moment when given a choice between doing something and doing nothing , did they give in to indifference ?
What a contrast that would have been to Jael’s courageous action described in the very next verses ! ​ — Judg .
5 : 24 - 27 .
What contrast in people’s attitude is seen at Judges 5 : 9 , 10 , and how should this affect us today ?
At Judges 5 : 9 , 10 , we see a further contrast between the attitude of those who marched with Barak and that of those who did not .
Deborah and Barak commended “ the commanders of Israel , who went as volunteers with the people . ”
How different they were from the “ riders on tawny donkeys , ” who were too proud to participate , and those “ who [ sat ] on fine carpets , ” loving a life of luxury !
Unlike those “ who walk [ ed ] on the road , ” preferring the easy way , those who went with Barak were willing to do battle on the rocky slopes of Tabor and in the swampy valley of Kishon !
All the pleasure - seekers were urged to “ consider ! ”
Yes , they needed to meditate on their missed opportunity to help Jehovah’s cause .
So , too , should any who today are holding back from serving God fully .
How did the attitude of the tribes of Reuben , Dan , and Asher differ from that of Zebulun and Naphtali ?
Those who volunteered witnessed firsthand how Jehovah magnifies his sovereignty .
They had something of substance to speak about as “ they were recounting the righteous acts of Jehovah . ”
On the other hand , the tribes of Reuben , Dan , and Asher were each singled out at Judges 5 : 15 - 17 for giving more attention to their own material interests ​ — as represented by their flocks , ships , and harbors — ​ than to the work that Jehovah was having done .
By contrast , Zebulun and Naphtali “ risked their lives to the point of death ” to support Deborah and Barak .
This contrast in attitude toward volunteer service contains an important lesson for us .
How do we show our support for Jehovah’s sovereignty today ?
Today , we are not called on to engage in physical warfare , but we are privileged to show courage by our zealous preaching activity .
The need for volunteers in Jehovah’s organization is greater than ever .
Millions of brothers , sisters , and young people are offering themselves in various fields of full - time service as pioneers , as Bethelites , as Kingdom Hall construction volunteers , and as volunteers at assemblies and conventions .
Think , too , of elders who carry weighty responsibilities with Hospital Liaison Committees and convention organization .
Be assured that Jehovah deeply appreciates your willing spirit , and he will not forget it . ​ — Heb .
6 : 10 .
Before making a decision , think of the effect it will have on your family and the congregation ( See paragraph 15 )
How can we determine that we are not being overcome by indifference toward Jehovah’s work ?
Each of us does well to ask himself : ‘ Am I content to let others carry the bulk of the workload ?
Am I allowing undue emphasis on material interests to interfere with my volunteer spirit ?
Like Barak , Deborah , Jael , and the 10,000 volunteers , do I have the faith and courage to use whatever is at my disposal to carry out the clear command of Jehovah ?
If I am contemplating a major move to another city or country for perceived economic advantages , do I give prayerful consideration to the effect this would have on my family and on the congregation ? ’
*
What can we give to Jehovah that he does not already have ?
Jehovah dignifies us by allowing us to share in supporting his sovereignty .
Since the Devil first enticed humans to support his rival sovereignty , your siding with Jehovah’s rulership sends Satan a message that is loud and clear .
The faith and integrity that motivate your volunteer spirit are pleasing to Jehovah .
He uses your display of support to make a reply to the taunts of Satan .
Thus , by your loyal obedience , you are , in effect , giving Jehovah something that he considers precious , and he finds profound joy in this .
What does Judges 5 : 31 indicate for the future ?
Soon the earth will be filled with those who prefer Jehovah’s sovereignty over any other .
How we long for that day !
With Deborah and Barak , we sing : “ Let all your enemies perish , O Jehovah , but let those who love you be like the sun rising in its glory . ”

This petition will be answered when Jehovah brings an end to Satan’s wicked world !
When the battle of Armageddon begins , there will be no need for human volunteers to rout the enemy .
That will be the time for us to “ stand still , and see the salvation of Jehovah . ”
But in the meantime , there are many opportunities for us to support Jehovah’s cause with courage and zeal .
What is the effect of your volunteer service on those who benefit from it ?
“ Because of the people’s volunteering , praise Jehovah ! ”
Thus , Deborah and Barak began their victory song with praise , not to creatures , but to the Most High .
Likewise today , may your volunteer spirit move all those who benefit from it to “ praise Jehovah ! ”
A scythe is a sharp , long , and sometimes curved blade . Scythes would have stuck out from the chariots , possibly from the axles .
Who would dare approach such a frightening war machine ?
Further details of this thrilling account are set forth in the article “ ‘ I Arose as a Mother in Israel ’ ” in the August 1 , 2015 , issue of The Watchtower .
See the article “ Anxiety About Money ” in the July 1 , 2015 , issue of The Watchtower .
“ I will declare the name of Jehovah . . . , a God of faithfulness who is never unjust . ” ​ — DEUT .
32 : 3 , 4 .
SONGS : 5 , 46
Deuteronomy 32 : 4
1 Peter 5 : 5
Matthew 6 : 14
1 , 2 . ( a ) What injustice did Naboth and his sons experience ?
( b ) What two qualities will we consider in this article ?
IMAGINE the scene . A man is falsely accused of a capital offense .
To the shock and dismay of his family and friends , he is convicted on the basis of false testimony presented by witnesses who are known to be good - for - nothing men .
A sick feeling overwhelms lovers of justice as they witness the execution of that innocent man and his sons .
This is not an imaginary account .
This was the experience of a faithful servant of Jehovah named Naboth , who lived during the reign of King Ahab of Israel . ​ — 1 Ki . 21 : 11 - 13 ; 2 Ki . 9 : 26 .
In this article , we will consider not only Naboth’s experience but also that of a faithful elder in the first - century Christian congregation who made an error in judgment .
In considering these Bible examples , we will learn that humility is essential if we are to demonstrate that we share Jehovah’s sense of justice .
We will also learn how a willingness to forgive when we observe injustices in the congregation can reflect Jehovah’s view of justice .
3 , 4 .
What kind of man was Naboth , and why did he refuse to sell his vineyard to King Ahab ?
Naboth was faithful to Jehovah at a time when most Israelites were following the bad example of King Ahab and his wife , wicked Queen Jezebel .
Those Baal worshippers had no respect for Jehovah or appreciation for his standards .
On the other hand , Naboth valued his relationship with Jehovah even more than life itself .
Read 1 Kings 21 : 1 - 3 .
When Ahab offered to purchase Naboth’s vineyard or to give him a better vineyard in its place , Naboth refused .
Why ?
He respectfully explained : “ It is unthinkable , from Jehovah’s standpoint , for me to give you the inheritance of my forefathers . ”
Naboth’s refusal was based on Jehovah’s law to the nation of Israel that forbade the permanent sale of one’s tribal inheritance .
Clearly , Naboth had Jehovah’s view of matters .
What role did Jezebel play in Naboth’s murder ?
Sadly , Naboth’s refusal triggered a series of reprehensible acts on the part of both King Ahab and his wife .
In order to obtain the vineyard for her husband , Jezebel orchestrated the false accusation against Naboth , which resulted in the execution of both Naboth and his sons .
How would Jehovah deal with this tragic injustice ?
6 , 7 .
How did Jehovah show that he is a lover of justice , and why would this have been of comfort to Naboth’s relatives and friends ?
Jehovah swiftly dispatched Elijah to confront Ahab .
Elijah rightly judged Ahab as a murderer and a thief .
What was Jehovah’s verdict in this case ?
Ahab , his wife , and his sons would suffer the same fate as did Naboth and his sons . ​ — 1 Ki . 21 : 17 - 25 .
Although Naboth’s family and friends were saddened by Ahab’s murderous actions , they no doubt found some measure of comfort in knowing that Jehovah was aware of the injustice and that he quickly addressed the wrongdoing .
However , their humility and their trust in Jehovah were likely put to the test by an unexpected turn of events .
How did Ahab respond to Jehovah’s judgment message , and with what result ?
When Ahab learned of Jehovah’s adverse judgment , “ he ripped his garments apart and put sackcloth on his body ; and he went on a fast and kept lying down in sackcloth and walking despondently . ”
Ahab humbled himself !
With what result ?
Jehovah told Elijah : “ Because he has humbled himself before me , I will not bring the calamity during his lifetime . I will bring the calamity upon his house in the days of his son . ”
Jehovah , “ the examiner of hearts , ” extended a measure of mercy to Ahab . ​ — Prov . 17 : 3 .
Why would humility have been a protection to Naboth’s family and friends ?
How did this decision affect those who knew of Ahab’s terrible crime ?
This seeming reversal may have tested the faith of Naboth’s family and friends .
If so , humility would have protected them , prompting them to continue faithful in their worship of Jehovah , confident that their God is incapable of injustice .
( Read Deuteronomy 32 : 3 , 4 . )
Naboth , his sons , and their families will experience perfect justice when Jehovah resurrects the righteous ones .
Furthermore , a humble person remembers that “ the true God will judge every deed , including every hidden thing , as to whether it is good or bad . ”
Yes , when rendering judgment , Jehovah takes into consideration factors that are unknown to us .
Thus , humility protects innocent ones from spiritual disaster .
10 , 11 . ( a ) Under what circumstances might our personal sense of justice be tested ?
( b ) In what ways will humility protect us ?
How will you respond if the elders make a decision that you do not understand or perhaps do not agree with ?
For example , what will you do if you or someone you love loses a cherished privilege of service ?
What if your marriage mate , your son or daughter , or your close friend is disfellowshipped and you do not agree with the decision ?
What if you believe that mercy was mistakenly extended to a wrongdoer ?
Such situations can test our faith in Jehovah and in his organizational arrangement .
How will humility protect you if you face such a test ?
Consider two ways .
How will you respond if the elders announce a decision that you do not agree with ?
( See paragraphs 10 , 11 )
First , humility will move us to acknowledge that we do not have all the facts .
No matter how much we know of a situation , only Jehovah can read a person’s figurative heart .
Our awareness of this undeniable truth will prompt us to be humble , to recognize our limitations , and to adjust our view of the matter .
Second , humility will help us to be submissive and patient as we wait on Jehovah to correct any true injustice .
It is as the wise man wrote : “ It will turn out well for those who fear the true God . . . , but it will not turn out well for the wicked one , nor will he prolong his days . ”
Certainly , a humble response is in the best spiritual interests of all concerned . ​ — Read 1 Peter 5 : 5 .
What account will we now consider , and why ?
The first - century Christians in Syrian Antioch faced a situation that tested not only their humility but also their willingness to forgive .
Let us consider that account and see how it will help us to examine our attitude about forgiveness and deepen our understanding of how forgiveness relates to Jehovah’s view of justice .
13 , 14 .
What privileges did the apostle Peter enjoy , and how did he demonstrate courage ?
The apostle Peter was a well - known elder in the Christian congregation .
He was a personal associate of Jesus and had been entrusted with significant responsibilities .
For example , in 36 C.E . , Peter had the privilege of sharing the good news with Cornelius and his household .
This occasion was noteworthy , since Cornelius was an uncircumcised Gentile .
When Cornelius and his household received holy spirit , Peter acknowledged : “ Can anyone deny water to prevent these from being baptized who have received the holy spirit just as we have ? ” ​ — Acts 10 : 47 .
In 49 C.E . , the apostles and the elders in Jerusalem met to consider whether circumcision would be required of Gentiles who converted to Christianity .
At this meeting , Peter spoke boldly , reminding the brothers that some years earlier , uncircumcised Gentiles had received the gift of the holy spirit .
Peter’s eyewitness testimony was very helpful to the first - century governing body in making a decision .
Likely , both Jewish and Gentile Christians appreciated Peter’s fearlessness in presenting the facts .
How easy it must have been to have confidence in such a spiritually mature man ! ​ — Heb .
13 : 7 .
What error did Peter make while in Syrian Antioch ?
( See opening picture . )
Shortly after the meeting in 49 C.E . , Peter visited Syrian Antioch .
While there , he freely associated with his Gentile brothers .
No doubt , they benefited from Peter’s knowledge and experience .
We can imagine their surprise and disappointment , though , when Peter suddenly stopped eating with them .
Other Jewish members of the congregation , even Barnabas , were wrongly influenced by Peter to do the same .
What prompted a mature Christian elder to make such an error in judgment ​ — one that could have divided the congregation ?
More important , what can we learn from Peter’s error that will help us if we are hurt by the words or actions of an elder ?
How was Peter corrected , and what questions arise ?
Read Galatians 2 : 11 - 14 .
Peter gave in to the snare of fear of man .
Despite his firsthand knowledge of Jehovah’s thinking on the matter , Peter feared the opinion of the circumcised Jewish members of the congregation in Jerusalem .
The apostle Paul , who was also present at that meeting in Jerusalem in 49 C.E . , confronted Peter in Antioch and exposed his hypocrisy .
How would the Gentile Christians who were personally affected by Peter’s mistake respond to the injustice ?
Would they allow themselves to be stumbled ?
Would Peter lose precious privileges because of his mistake ?
How did Peter benefit from Jehovah’s forgiveness ?
Evidently , Peter humbly accepted Paul’s corrective counsel .
There is no indication in the Scriptures that he lost his privileges .
In fact , he was later inspired to write two letters that became part of the Bible .
Notably , in his second letter , Peter refers to Paul as “ our beloved brother . ”
Although Peter’s error in judgment may have been painful for the Gentile members of the congregation , Jesus , who is head of the congregation , continued to use him .
Members of the congregation thus had an opportunity to imitate Jesus and his Father by extending forgiveness .
It is to be hoped that no one allowed himself to be stumbled by an imperfect man’s mistake .
Under what circumstances may we need to reflect Jehovah’s sense of justice ?
As was true in the first century , there are no perfect elders in the modern - day Christian congregation , “ for we all make mistakes many times . ”
We may readily acknowledge this fact , but the challenge is when we are personally affected by the imperfections of a brother .
In such a situation , will we reflect Jehovah’s view of justice ?
For example , how will you respond if an elder makes a remark that hints at a degree of prejudice ?
Will you allow yourself to be stumbled if an elder thoughtlessly makes a statement that offends or hurts you ?
Rather than quickly concluding that the brother no longer qualifies as an elder , will you patiently wait on Jesus , the head of the congregation ?
Will you put forth the effort to see the bigger picture , perhaps reflecting on the brother’s many years of faithful service ?
If a brother who sins against you continues to serve as an elder or even receives additional privileges , will you rejoice with him ?
Your willingness to forgive may well reflect Jehovah’s view of justice . ​ — Read Matthew 6 : 14 , 15 .
What should be our determination ?
Lovers of justice long for the day when Jehovah will completely erase all the injustice inflicted on humans by Satan and his wicked system .
Until then , may each of us be determined to reflect Jehovah’s view of justice by humbly acknowledging our personal limitations and generously forgiving those who sin against us .
3 Helping “ Foreign Residents ” to “ Serve Jehovah With Rejoicing ”
8 Helping the Children of “ Foreign Residents ”
The first of these articles discusses the difficult situation of our brothers and sisters who have become refugees , and it provides practical suggestions on how we can best help them .
The second article considers how applying Bible principles will help immigrant parents to make decisions that will benefit their children .
13 Life Story ​ — Being Deaf Has Not Held Me Back From Teaching Others
17 Do Not Let Your Love Grow Cold
22 “ Do You Love Me More Than These ? ”
Living in this system of things is not easy for any of Jehovah’s servants .
These articles show how we can fight against the selfish spirit of the world by preserving our love for Jehovah , for Bible truth , and for our brothers .
The articles also discuss how we can have affection for Christ rather than for the things of this world .
27 How Gaius Helped His Brothers
30 The Joy of Leading a Simple Life
31 From Our Archives
“ Jehovah is protecting the foreign residents . ” ​ — PS .
146 : 9 .
SONGS : 17 , 109
What trials have many refugees experienced ?
How can we help to fill the greatest needs of refugees ?
What should we keep in mind when preaching to refugees ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What trials do some of our brothers and sisters face ?
( b ) What questions arise ?
“ WHEN civil war started in Burundi , our family was at an assembly , ” relates a brother named Lije .
“ We could see people running , shooting .
My parents and 11 of us siblings fled for our lives with only the clothes on our backs .
Some of my family finally made it to a refugee camp in Malawi , a journey of over 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) .
The rest of us were scattered . ”
Worldwide , refugees who have fled their homes because of war or persecution now number over 65,000,000 ​ — the highest ever recorded .
* Among these are thousands of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Many have lost loved ones and nearly all their possessions .
What further challenges have some faced ?
How can we help these brothers and sisters to “ serve Jehovah with rejoicing ” despite their trials ?
And how can we effectively share the good news with refugees who do not yet know Jehovah ?
How did Jesus and many of his disciples become refugees ?
After Jehovah’s angel warned Joseph that King Herod intended to kill Jesus , young Jesus and his parents became refugees in Egypt .
They remained there until Herod died .
Decades later , Jesus ’ early disciples “ were scattered throughout the regions of Judea and Samaria ” because of persecution .
Jesus had foreseen that many of his followers would be forced from their homes .
He said : “ When they persecute you in one city , flee to another . ”
Fleeing for any reason is seldom easy .
4 , 5 .
What dangers exist when refugees ( a ) are fleeing ?
( b ) are living in a camp ?
Refugees may face danger when fleeing or when living in a refugee camp .
“ We walked for weeks , passing hundreds of dead bodies , ” recalls Gad , Lije’s younger brother .
“ I was 12 years old .
My feet were so swollen that I told my family to go on without me .
My father ​ — not about to abandon me to the rebel forces — ​ carried me .
We survived day by day , praying to Jehovah and trusting in him , sometimes eating only mangoes that were growing along the way . ” ​ — Phil .
4 : 12 , 13 .
Most of Lije’s family eventually spent years in United Nations refugee camps .
Yet , they were not safe there .
Lije , now a circuit overseer , comments : “ Most people had no work .
They gossiped , drank , gambled , stole , and were immoral . ”
To resist the bad influences , Witnesses in the camps needed to stay fully involved in congregation activities .
To stay spiritually healthy , they used their time productively , many by pioneering .
They kept a positive attitude by recalling that , like Israel’s trek in the wilderness , their stay in the camp would eventually come to an end . ​ — 2 Cor .
4 : 18 .
6 , 7 . ( a ) How does “ the love of God ” move Christians to act toward brothers in need ?
( b ) Cite an example .
“ The love of God ” compels us to show love to one another , especially in dire situations .
( Read 1 John 3 : 17 , 18 . )
When famine threatened Judean Christians in the first century , the congregation organized help for them .
The apostles Paul and Peter also exhorted Christians to be hospitable to one another .
If Christians are to welcome visiting brothers , how much more should they welcome fellow believers whose lives are in danger or who have been persecuted for their faith ! ​ — Read Proverbs 3 : 27 .
*
Recently , thousands of Jehovah’s Witnesses ​ — men , women , and children — ​ had to flee conflict and persecution in eastern Ukraine .
Tragically , some were killed .
But most of them were taken in by their spiritual brothers elsewhere in Ukraine , and many others were accommodated by fellow Witnesses in Russia .
In both countries , they remain politically neutral , being “ no part of the world , ” and continue zealously “ declaring the good news of the word . ” ​ — John 15 : 19 ; Acts 8 : 4 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What challenges may refugees face in a new land ?
( b ) Why do they need our patient help ?
While some people are displaced within their own country , many others are thrust into a totally unfamiliar environment in a new land .
Governments may provide some food , clothing , and shelter , but familiar foods may be unavailable .
Refugees from warm lands may encounter cold weather for the first time and may not know how to dress for it .
If they come from a rural area , they may be at a loss about how to use modern household appliances .
Some governments have programs to help refugees adjust to their new circumstances .
However , often within months , refugees may be expected to support themselves .
The transition can be overwhelming .
Imagine trying to learn a new language and to adapt to new laws and expectations regarding manners , punctuality , taxes , bill paying , school attendance , and child discipline ​ — all at once !
Can you patiently and respectfully help brothers and sisters who face such challenges ? ​ — Phil .
2 : 3 , 4 .
How can we strengthen the faith of arriving refugees ?
( See opening picture . )
Further , authorities have at times made it difficult for our brothers who are refugees to contact the congregation .
Some agencies have threatened to cut off assistance or deny our brothers asylum if they refuse to accept employment that requires them to miss meetings .
Frightened and vulnerable , a few brothers have given in to such pressures .
Therefore , it is urgent to meet our refugee brothers as soon as possible after their arrival . They need to see that we care about them .
Our compassion and practical help can strengthen their faith . ​ — Prov .
12 : 25 ; 17 : 17 .
( a ) What do refugees initially need ?
( b ) How can refugees show gratitude ?
At first , we may need to supplement our brothers ’ food , clothing , or other basic needs .
* Even small gestures , like giving a brother a necktie , mean a lot .
And when refugees show gratitude , never demanding anything , they help their hosts to experience the joy of giving .
Granted , living indefinitely on others ’ generosity may erode the self - respect of the refugees and may damage their relationships with other brothers .
But they do need practical help .
How can we help our brothers and sisters who are refugees ?
( See paragraphs 11 - 13 )
12 , 13 . ( a ) How can we give refugees practical help ?
( b ) Cite an example .
Giving refugees practical help requires , not a lot of money , but mainly our time and concern .
It may be as simple as showing them how to use public transportation , how to shop for healthful but inexpensive foods , or how to obtain tools or equipment ​ — such as a sewing machine or a lawn mower — ​ in order to earn some income .
More important , you can help them to become fully involved in their new congregation .
If possible , offer them rides to meetings .
Also explain how they might approach people with the Kingdom message in your territory .
Take the refugee brothers and sisters along with you in the ministry .
When four adolescent refugees arrived in one congregation , various elders taught them to drive , type , and write résumés , as well as to schedule their time to serve Jehovah fully .
Soon , all four became pioneers .
That guidance , along with their own efforts to pursue spiritual goals , helped them to blossom and to avoid being swallowed up by Satan’s system .
( a ) What temptation do refugees need to resist ?
( b ) Cite an example .
Like all other Christians , refugees need to resist the temptation and pressure to compromise their relationship with Jehovah in order to obtain material things .
* Lije , quoted earlier , and his siblings remember the lessons of faith their father taught them even as they were fleeing .
“ One by one , he threw away the few nonessential belongings we carried .
Finally , he held up the empty bag and said with a smile : ‘ You see ?
This is all you need ! ’ ” ​ — Read 1 Timothy 6 : 8 .
15 , 16 .
How can we support refugees ( a ) spiritually ?
( b ) emotionally ?
More than material assistance , refugees need spiritual and emotional support .
Elders can help by obtaining literature in the language of the refugees and by helping them contact brothers who speak their language .
Many refugees have been torn away from their tight - knit extended families , communities , and congregations .
They need to sense Jehovah’s love and compassion among their fellow Christians .
Otherwise , they may be drawn to unbelieving relatives or compatriots who can relate to their culture and experiences .
By making them feel fully accepted in the congregation , we have the privilege to share with Jehovah in “ protecting the foreign residents . ” ​ — Ps . 146 : 9 .
As with young Jesus and his family , refugees may not have the option of returning to their homeland as long as their oppressors remain in power .
Further , as notes Lije , “ many parents who saw family members raped and murdered cannot bear to bring their children back to where those tragedies occurred . ”
To help those who have experienced such trauma , brothers in lands receiving refugees need to have “ fellow feeling , brotherly affection , tender compassion , and humility . ”
Persecution has caused some refugees to become withdrawn , and they may feel ashamed to talk about their suffering , especially in the presence of their children .
Ask yourself , ‘ If I were in their position , how would I like to be treated ? ’ ​ — Matt .
7 : 12 .
How does preaching to refugees bring them relief ?
Many of today’s refugees come from countries where our preaching work is restricted .
Thanks to zealous Witnesses in the lands receiving refugees , thousands of refugees are hearing “ the word of the Kingdom ” for the first time .
Many who are “ loaded down ” are finding spiritual refreshment at our meetings and quickly acknowledge : “ God is really among you . ” ​ — Matt .
11 : 28 - 30 ; 1 Cor .
14 : 25 .
18 , 19 .
How can we show wisdom when preaching to refugees ?
Those who preach to refugees need to be “ cautious ” and even “ shrewd . ”
Listen patiently to their concerns , but do not discuss politics .
Follow directions from the branch office and from local authorities ; never put yourself or others at risk .
Learn and respect refugees ’ religious and cultural sensitivities .
For instance , people from some lands have strong feelings about proper dress for women .
Therefore , when preaching to refugees , dress so as not to cause needless offense .
Like the neighborly Samaritan in Jesus ’ illustration , we want to help suffering people , including those who are not Witnesses .
The best way to do so is by sharing the good news with them .
“ It is important to make clear right away that we are Jehovah’s Witnesses and that our primary mission is to help them spiritually , not materially , ” notes an elder who has helped many refugees .
“ Otherwise , some may associate with us only for personal advantage . ”
20 , 21 . ( a ) What good comes from showing refugees Christian love ?
( b ) What will we consider in the following article ?
Showing Christian love to “ foreign residents ” brings good results .
A Christian sister related that her family fled the persecution in Eritrea .
After four of her children made an exhausting eight - day journey across the desert , they arrived in Sudan .
She said : “ The brothers there treated them like close relatives , providing food , clothes , shelter , and transportation .
Who else would welcome strangers into their home just because they worship the same God ?
Only Jehovah’s Witnesses ! ” ​ — Read John 13 : 35 .
What about the many children who arrive with their parents , both refugees and other immigrants ?
In the following article , we will consider how all of us can help them to serve Jehovah joyfully .
In this article , we use the term “ refugees ” to denote those who have been displaced ​ — whether across national borders or within their own country — ​ by armed conflict , persecution , or disaster .
According to the UNHCR ( United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees ) , today “ 1 in every 113 people ” worldwide is “ forcibly displaced . ”
See the article “ Do Not Forget Kindness to Strangers ” in The Watchtower of October 2016 , pp . 8 - 12 .
As soon as possible after a refugee arrives , elders should follow the direction in Organized to Do Jehovah’s Will , chapter 8 , paragraph 30 .
Elders can contact congregations in other lands by sending correspondence to their own branch using jw.org .
In the meantime , they can ask discreet questions about a refugee’s congregation and ministry to discern his spiritual condition .
See the articles “ No One Can Serve Two Masters ” and “ Be of Good Courage ​ — Jehovah Is Your Helper ! ”
in The Watchtower of April 15 , 2014 , pp . 17 - 26 .
“ No greater joy do I have than this : that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth . ” ​ — 3 JOHN 4 .
SONGS : 134 , 133
How can parents set a good example for their children ?
How can family heads decide which language congregation the family will attend ?
How can others help immigrant parents and their children ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What problem do many immigrant children experience ?
( b ) What questions will this article discuss ?
“ FROM infancy , I spoke my immigrant parents ’ language at home and in the congregation , ” relates Joshua .
“ But after I started school , I began to prefer the local language .
Within a few years , the shift was complete .
I couldn’t understand the meetings , and I didn’t identify with my parents ’ culture . ”
Joshua’s experience is not uncommon .
Today , more than 240,000,000 people live outside the land of their birth .
If you are an immigrant parent , how can you give your children the best possible opportunity to become spiritual children who “ go on walking in the truth ” ?
And how can others help ?
3 , 4 . ( a ) How can parents set a good example for their children ?
( b ) What should parents not expect of their children ?
Parents , your example is essential to start your children on the path to endless life .
When your children see you “ seeking first the Kingdom , ” they learn to depend on Jehovah for their daily needs .
So live modestly .
Sacrifice material things for spiritual benefits ​ — not the other way around .
Strive to stay out of debt .
Seek “ treasure in heaven ” ​ — Jehovah’s approval — ​ and not riches or “ the glory of men . ” ​ — Read Mark 10 : 21 , 22 ; John 12 : 43 .
Never get so busy that you do not have time for your children .
Let them know that you are proud of them when they decide to put Jehovah first instead of seeking prestige or riches ​ — for themselves or for you .
Avoid the unchristian view that children should provide their parents with a life of ease .
Remember , “ children are not expected to save up for their parents , but the parents for their children . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
12 : 14 .
Why must parents speak with their children about Jehovah ?
As foretold , people “ out of all the languages of the nations ” are flocking to Jehovah’s organization .
But a language barrier can make it difficult for you to teach your children the truth .
Your children are the most important Bible students you will ever have , and their “ coming to know ” Jehovah means their eternal life .
In order for your children to learn Jehovah’s teachings , you must “ speak of them ” on all appropriate occasions . ​ — Read Deuteronomy 6 : 6 , 7 .
How may your children benefit from learning your language ?
( See opening picture . )
Your children will likely learn the local language at school and in their environment , but they learn your language primarily by frequently interacting with you in your language .
Besides enabling your children to have heart - to - heart conversations with you , knowing your language gives them other advantages .
Being bilingual sharpens your children’s thinking ability and enhances their social skills .
It may also open opportunities for them to expand their ministry .
“ Being in a foreign - language congregation has been fun , ” says Carolina , whose parents are immigrants .
“ And it’s cool to be helping where there is a greater need . ”
What can you do if there is a language barrier in your family ?
Yet , as children of immigrants assimilate the local culture and language , some of them may lose much of their desire and even their ability to communicate in their parents ’ mother tongue .
Parents , if that describes your children , can you learn at least some of the local language ?
You will be in a much better position to raise your children as Christians if you understand their conversations , entertainment , and schoolwork and if you can communicate directly with their teachers .
Granted , learning a new language takes time , effort , and humility .
But if your child somehow became deaf , would you not try to learn sign language in order to communicate with him ?
A child who communicates best in another spoken language deserves the same concern , would you not agree ?
*
How can you help your children if your language ability is limited ?
Realistically , it may not be possible for some immigrant parents to become fluent in their children’s new language .
The resulting barrier may make it hard for parents to impart to their children a deep knowledge of “ the holy writings . ”
If that is your situation , you can still help your children to come to know and love Jehovah .
“ Our single mom’s grasp of the language we understood best was limited , and my sisters and I didn’t speak her language very well , ” recalls an elder named Shan .
“ But when we saw her studying , praying , and doing her best to conduct family worship every week , we understood that getting to know Jehovah was very important . ”
How can parents help children who may need to study in two languages ?
Some children may need to learn about Jehovah in two languages ​ — their school language and the language that is spoken at home .
To that end , some parents make use of printed literature , audio recordings , and videos in both languages .
Clearly , immigrant parents must devote more time and show more initiative in order to help their children develop a strong relationship with Jehovah .
( a ) Who must decide which language congregation to attend ?
( b ) What should he do before making a decision ?
When “ foreign residents ” live far from other Witnesses who speak their language , they need to associate with a local - language congregation .
But if there is a congregation nearby that uses your mother tongue , the question arises : Which language congregation is best for your family ?
After careful thought and prayer and consultation with his mate and children , a family head must decide .
What factors will the family head take into consideration ?
What principles apply ?
Let us consider some .
11 , 12 . ( a ) How does language affect what a child absorbs at meetings ?
( b ) Why do some children resist learning their parents ’ language ?
Parents must evaluate their children’s needs realistically .
Of course ​ — regardless of language — ​ to gain a firm grasp of the truth , a child needs much more than just a few hours of spiritual education each week at meetings .
But consider this : At meetings conducted in the language they understand best , children may absorb instruction simply by being present , perhaps learning more than their parents realize .
That may not be the case when children do not fully understand the language .
( Read 1 Corinthians 14 : 9 , 11 . )
And a child’s native language will not necessarily remain the language of his mind or even of his heart .
In fact , some children can learn to give comments , presentations , and talks in their parents ’ language without the words really coming from their heart .
Furthermore , a child’s heart is influenced by more than just language .
That was the case with Joshua , quoted at the outset .
As his sister , Esther , notes , “ to young children , their parents ’ language , culture , and religion come bundled together . ”
If children do not identify with their parents ’ culture , they may resist learning their parents ’ language ​ — and their faith .
What can immigrant parents do ?
13 , 14 . ( a ) Why did one immigrant couple move their family to a local - language congregation ?
( b ) How did the parents stay spiritually strong ?
Christian parents put their children’s spiritual well - being ahead of personal preferences .
Joshua and Esther’s father , Samuel , relates : “ My wife and I observed our children to see in which language they thrived spiritually , and we prayed for wisdom .
The answer was not what we personally found convenient .
But when we saw that they were getting little benefit from the meetings in our language , we decided to move to the local - language congregation .
Together , we regularly attended meetings and shared in the ministry .
We also invited local friends to join us for meals and excursions .
All of this helped our children to get to know the brothers and to get to know Jehovah , not only as their God but also as their Father and Friend .
We considered this to be much more important than their mastering our language . ”
Samuel adds : “ To keep ourselves spiritually strong , my wife and I also attended meetings in our language .
Life was very busy , and we were tired .
But we thank Jehovah for blessing our efforts and sacrifices .
Our three children are all serving Jehovah in the full - time ministry . ”
Why did a sister named Kristina feel that she could do better in a local - language congregation ?
Adult children may come to realize that they could better serve Jehovah in a congregation that uses the language that they understand best .
If so , their parents need not feel that their children are rejecting them .
“ I knew the basics of my parents ’ language , but the language spoken at the meetings was over my head , ” recalls Kristina .
“ When I was 12 , I attended a convention in my school language .
For the first time , I understood that what I was hearing was the truth !
Another turning point came when I began to pray in my school language .
I could speak to Jehovah from my heart ! ”
When she reached adulthood , Kristina discussed the matter with her parents and decided to move to a local - language congregation .
She recalls : “ Learning about Jehovah in my school language moved me to action . ”
Before long , Kristina became a joyful regular pioneer .
Why is a sister named Nadia glad she stayed in the foreign - language congregation ?
Young people , do you think that you would prefer being part of a local - language congregation ?
If so , ask yourself why .
Would moving to such a congregation help you draw closer to Jehovah ?
Or might you want to move because you expect to have less supervision or less work ?
“ When my siblings and I got into our teens , we wanted to switch to the local - language congregation , ” says Nadia , who now serves at Bethel .
But her parents knew that such a move would not be in their children’s best spiritual interest .
“ Now we’re grateful that our parents worked hard to teach us their language and kept us in the foreign - language congregation .
It has enriched our lives and broadened our opportunities to help others get to know Jehovah . ”
( a ) Whom has Jehovah assigned to raise children ?
( b ) How can parents get help in teaching their children the truth ?
Jehovah has assigned parents ​ — not grandparents or anyone else — ​ the privilege of raising their children in the truth .
( Read Proverbs 1 : 8 ; 31 : 10 , 27 , 28 . )
Still , parents who do not know the local language may need help to reach their children’s heart .
Arranging for such help need not mean abdicating their spiritual responsibility ; rather , it can be part of bringing up their children “ in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah . ”
For example , parents may ask elders in the congregation for suggestions on conducting family worship and for help in providing good association for their children .
Both children and parents benefit from association with the congregation ( See paragraphs 18 , 19 )
18 , 19 . ( a ) How can spiritually - minded brothers and sisters benefit young ones ?
( b ) What must parents continue to do ?
For instance , parents may invite other families to join them in family worship from time to time .
Further , many young people thrive under the influence of spiritually balanced companions who may , for example , accompany them in the ministry and share with them in wholesome recreation .
“ I well remember the brothers who took me under their wing , ” recalls Shan , quoted earlier .
“ When they helped me with student talk assignments for the meeting , I always learned more .
And I enjoyed the leisure activities we shared in as a group . ”
Of course , those whom the parents choose to help their children should always build up the young ones ’ respect for their parents , speaking positively about them , not taking over their responsibility .
Moreover , those who help should avoid any conduct that could be misinterpreted by some inside or outside the congregation as morally questionable .
Parents must not merely turn their children over to others for spiritual training .
They must monitor the help given by companions and continue to teach their children themselves .
How can parents help their children to become fine servants of Jehovah ?
Parents , pray to Jehovah for help , and try your best .
( Read 2 Chronicles 15 : 7 . )
Put your child’s friendship with Jehovah ahead of your own interests .
Do whatever you can to ensure that God’s Word reaches your child’s heart .
Never stop believing that your child can become a fine servant of Jehovah .
When your children follow God’s Word and your good example , you will feel as the apostle John did about his spiritual children : “ No greater joy do I have than this : that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth . ” ​ — 3 John 4 .
See the article “ You Can Learn Another Language ! ”
in Awake !
of March 2007 , pp . 10 - 12 .
LIFE STORY
As told by Walter Markin
I was baptized in 1941 at the age of 12 .
But it wasn’t until 1946 that I really understood Bible truth .
How did this come to be ?
Let me tell you my story .
IN THE 1910 ’ s my parents immigrated to Canada from Tbilisi , Georgia , and settled in a small prairie farmhouse near Pelly , Saskatchewan , in western Canada .
I was born in 1928 , the youngest of six children .
Father died six months before I was born , and Mother died while I was still an infant .
Lucy , my oldest sister , died not much later , at the age of 17 .
Thereafter , my uncle Nick took me and my siblings into his care .
One day when I was a toddler , my family saw me pulling at the tail of one of the farm horses , a stallion .
Horrified that the horse might kick me , they screamed at me to stop ​ — but I did not react .
My back was turned toward them , and I did not hear their screams .
Happily , I was not harmed , but that was the day my family discovered that I was deaf .
A family friend suggested that I be educated with other deaf children , so Uncle Nick enrolled me in the school for the deaf located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan .
I was moved to a location several hours away from my family , and since I was only five years old , I was terrified .
I could visit my family only on holidays and during summer vacations .
Eventually , I learned sign language and had fun playing with the other children .
In 1939 , my oldest surviving sister , Marion , married Bill Danylchuck , and they took my sister Frances and me into their care .
They were the first in my family to have contact with Jehovah’s Witnesses .
During my summer vacations , they shared with me to the best of their ability what they were learning from the Bible .
To be honest , communicating with them was not easy , since they did not know sign language .
But they evidently saw in me a sincere love for spiritual things .
I understood that there was a connection between what they were doing and what the Bible says , so I went with them as they preached .
Before long , I wanted to get baptized , and on September 5 , 1941 , Bill baptized me in a steel drum filled with water pumped out from a well .
The water was very , very cold !
With a group of deaf people at a convention in Cleveland , Ohio , in 1946
In 1946 when I returned home for the summer , we attended a convention in Cleveland , Ohio , U.S.A .
On the first day of the convention , my sisters took turns writing notes in order to help me follow the program .
On the second day , however , I was thrilled to find out that a deaf group with a sign - language interpreter was there .
Finally , I could enjoy the program , and it was wonderful at last to understand Bible truth clearly !
At that time , World War II had just ended and nationalism was running high .
I returned from the convention determined to take my stand for my faith in school .
So I stopped participating in the flag salute and in the national anthem .
I also withdrew from taking part in holiday celebrations and from attending mandatory church services .
The school staff was not happy and tried using intimidation and lies to make me change my mind .
All of this caused quite a stir among my schoolmates , but it created opportunities for me to give a witness .
Such fellow students as Larry Androsoff , Norman Dittrick , and Emil Schneider eventually accepted the truth , and they are serving Jehovah loyally to this day .
When visiting other cities , I have always made it a point to witness to the deaf .
For example , in Montreal at a deaf club , I witnessed to Eddie Tager , a young man who was part of a gang .
Until his death last year , he belonged to the sign - language congregation in Laval , Quebec .
I also met young Juan Ardanez who like the Beroeans eagerly did research to confirm the truthfulness of the Bible message .
He too came in the truth and served faithfully as an elder in Ottawa , Ontario , up until his death .
Street witnessing in the early 1950 ’ s
In 1950 , I moved to Vancouver .
Although I love to preach to the deaf , I will never forget an experience I had with a hearing woman named Chris Spicer whom I witnessed to on the street .
She accepted a magazine subscription and wanted me to meet her husband , Gary .
So I visited their home , and we had a lengthy discussion using written notes .

That was the only contact we had until a few years later when , to my surprise , they spotted me in a crowd at a convention in Toronto , Ontario .
Gary was to be baptized that very day .
That wonderful experience reminded me of the importance to keep preaching because we never know where or when the truth will take root .
Later , I moved back to Saskatoon .
There I met a mother who asked me to study the Bible with her deaf twin daughters , Jean and Joan Rothenberger , who were students at the same school for the deaf that I once attended .
Before long , the two girls shared with their classmates what they were learning .
Eventually , five from their class became Jehovah’s Witnesses .
One was Eunice Colin .
I had first met Eunice at that school for the deaf when I was in my senior year .
At that time , she gave me a piece of candy and asked if we could be friends .
She would later become a very important part of my life ​ — she became my wife !
With Eunice in 1960 and in 1989
When Eunice’s mother found out that she was studying the Bible , she had the school principal try to dissuade her .
He even confiscated her study materials .
However , Eunice was determined to keep Jehovah her main focus .
When she wanted to get baptized , her parents told her , “ Become one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , and you will have to leave our home ! ”
At the age of 17 , Eunice did leave home , and a local Witness family kindly took her into their care .
She continued her study and later got baptized .
When we got married in 1960 , her parents did not come to our wedding .
However , as the years passed , they came to respect us because of our beliefs and the way we raised our children .
My son Nicholas and his wife , Deborah , serve at London Bethel
As deaf parents , we raised seven hearing boys .
This was challenging , but we made sure that they knew sign language so that we could communicate well and teach them the truth .
Brothers and sisters in the congregation were of great help .
For example , a parent wrote us a note informing us that one of our boys was saying bad words in the Kingdom Hall .
We were able to take care of the matter then and there .
Four of my sons ​ — James , Jerry , Nicholas , and Steven — ​ are serving Jehovah faithfully with their wives and families .
All four sons serve as elders .
In addition , Nicholas and his wife , Deborah , help with sign - language translation in the Britain branch while Steven and his wife , Shannan , are part of the sign - language translation team in the United States branch .
My sons James , Jerry , and Steven along with their wives support the preaching work in sign language in various ways
A month before our 40th wedding anniversary , Eunice lost her battle with cancer .
She was very brave throughout that difficult time .
Her faith in the resurrection kept her strong .
I long for the day when I will see her again .
Faye and James , Jerry and Evelyn , Shannan and Steven
In February of 2012 , I fell and broke my hip , and it became clear that I would need help .
So I moved in with one of my sons and his wife .
We are now part of the Calgary Sign - Language Congregation , where I continue to serve as an elder .
Actually , this is the very first time that I have been part of a sign - language congregation .
Imagine that !
Being in an English congregation all those years ​ — since 1946 — ​ how did I fare spiritually ?
Jehovah has lived up to his promise to care for fatherless children .
I am grateful for the collective effort of all who have been willing to write notes , learn sign language , and help interpret for me as best they could .
Attending American Sign Language ( ASL ) pioneer school at age 79
To be honest , there have been times when I felt frustrated and wanted to give up because I could not understand what was being said or because it seemed as if the needs of the deaf were not understood .
However , during those moments , I thought of Peter’s words to Jesus : “ Lord , whom shall we go away to ?
You have sayings of everlasting life . ”
Like many other deaf brothers and sisters from my generation , I have learned to be patient .
I have learned to wait on Jehovah and his organization , and how I have benefited from doing so !
Now I have a wealth of spiritual food in my own language , and I can enjoy association at the meetings and conventions in ASL .
I have , indeed , had a happy and rewarding life in service to Jehovah , our great God .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
A regular pioneer shares the Bible’s message in the Quichua ( Imbabura ) language with a vendor at a crafts market in the city of Otavalo in northern Ecuador .
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ Because of the increasing of lawlessness , the love of the greater number will grow cold . ” ​ — MATT .
24 : 12 .
SONGS : 38 , 128
How can we keep our love for Jehovah strong ?
How can we deepen our love for Bible truth ?
Why is it important to have affection for our brothers ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) To whom did Jesus ’ words at Matthew 24 : 12 initially apply ?
( b ) How does the book of Acts indicate that most early Christians kept showing love ?
( See opening picture . )
ONE facet of the sign that Jesus gave regarding “ the conclusion of the system of things ” was that “ the love of the greater number [ would ] grow cold . ”
In the first century , the Jews , who claimed to be God’s people , allowed their love for God to grow cold .
On the other hand , most Christians at that time kept busy “ declaring the good news about the Christ ” and showing love for God , for fellow Christians , and for unbelievers .
Nevertheless , some of Jesus ’ followers in the first century did allow their love to grow cold .
What may have caused the love of some Christians to grow cold ?
Speaking to first - century Christians living in Ephesus , the resurrected Jesus Christ said : “ I hold this against you , that you have left the love you had at first . ”
What may have been one reason for this ?
These early disciples of Christ may have been influenced by the fleshly - minded world .
Like many cities today , first - century Ephesus was filled with vice . It was a fabulously wealthy city in which people placed much emphasis on luxuries , leisure , and comfortable living .
Selfish pleasures evidently crowded out unselfish love .
In addition , brazen conduct and gross immorality were rampant .
( a ) In what ways has love grown cold in our day ?
( b ) In what three areas could our love be tested ?
Jesus ’ prophecy about diminishing love extends to our day .
People today have less and less love for God .
Millions have turned their backs on him and look to human institutions to solve mankind’s problems .
Hence , among people who do not worship Jehovah God , love continues to grow cold .
Still , as conditions in the first - century congregation in Ephesus illustrate , true Christians today could become complacent and allow their love to falter .
We will now consider three areas in which our love could be tested : ( 1 ) Love for Jehovah , ( 2 ) love for Bible truth , ( 3 ) and love for our brothers .
Why must we have love for God ?
Earlier on the same day that Jesus warned about the loss of love , he emphasized the most important love of all .
He said : “ ‘ You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind . ’
This is the greatest and first commandment . ”
Indeed , having deep love for God helps us to obey Jehovah’s commandments , to endure , and to hate what is bad .
( Read Psalm 97 : 10 . )
However , Satan and his world strive to undermine our love for God .
What has resulted from the loss of love for God ?
The world around us has a distorted view of love .
Rather than direct love to the Creator , people are “ lovers of themselves . ”
This world ruled by Satan fosters “ the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life . ”
The apostle Paul warned fellow Christians against pleasing the flesh , saying : “ Setting the mind on the flesh means death . . . because setting the mind on the flesh means enmity with God . ”
Indeed , those who have spent their lives on pursuing material things or gratifying sexual desires have ended up disappointed and deeply hurt . ​ — 1 Cor .
6 : 18 ; 1 Tim .
6 : 9 , 10 .
What dangers are faced by Christ’s followers today ?

In some lands , outspoken atheists , agnostics , and evolutionists promote ideas designed to erode not just love for God but also belief in him .
They have convinced many that a person must be either naive or unintelligent to believe in a Creator .
At the same time , scientists are revered , which draws the attention of the people away from our Creator .
If we give ear to such teachings , we could drift away from Jehovah , and our love could grow cold . ​ — Heb .
3 : 12 .
( a ) Many of Jehovah’s people face what discouraging circumstances ?
( b ) What assurance do we find in Psalm 136 ?
Succumbing to discouragement can also weaken our faith and cause our love for God to grow cold .
In this wicked system controlled by Satan , all of us at times face discouraging circumstances .
Perhaps we are presently confronted with problems caused by old age , poor health , or economic pressures .
Or we may be struggling with feelings of inadequacy , with unfulfilled expectations , or with personal failings .
Yet , we should never allow such circumstances or feelings to convince us that Jehovah has left us .
Instead , we should meditate on reassuring words about Jehovah’s enduring love for us .
We find such words at Psalm 136 : 23 , which states : “ He remembered us when we were low , for his loyal love endures forever . ” Indeed , Jehovah’s loyal love for his servants is constant .
Therefore , we can be sure that he hears our “ pleas for help ” and responds to them . ​ — Ps .
116 : 1 ; 136 : 24 - 26 .
What gave Paul the strength to maintain his love for God ?
Like the psalmist , Paul found strength in reflecting on Jehovah’s constant support .
Paul wrote : “ Jehovah is my helper ; I will not be afraid .

What can man do to me ? ”
That firm confidence in Jehovah’s loving care helped Paul to grapple with life’s problems .
He did not allow negative circumstances to weigh him down .
In fact , while he was a prisoner , Paul wrote several encouraging letters .
Yes , even when he was sorely tried , Paul maintained his love for God .
What gave him the strength to do so ?
He kept leaning on “ the God of all comfort , who comforts us in all our trials . ” How can we imitate Paul’s example and keep our love for Jehovah strong ?
Show love for Jehovah ( See paragraph 10 )
How can we keep our love for Jehovah strong ?
One principal way to keep our love for Jehovah strong is stated by Paul himself .
He wrote to fellow believers : “ Pray constantly . ”
Later he wrote : “ Persevere in prayer . ”
Communication through prayer is the foundation of a close relationship with God .
When we take sufficient time to express to Jehovah our deepest thoughts and innermost feelings , we cannot help but be drawn closer to our heavenly Father , the “ Hearer of prayer . ”
In addition , when we discern that Jehovah answers our prayers , our love for him grows .
We come to realize ever more that “ Jehovah is near to all those calling on him . ”
That confidence in Jehovah’s loving support will help us to cope with further tests of faith .
11 , 12 .
How can we develop a deep love for Bible truth ?
As Christians , we cherish and embrace truth .
God’s Word is the ultimate source of truth .
In prayer to his Father , Jesus said : “ Your word is truth . ”
Therefore , love for truth starts with gaining an accurate knowledge of God’s Word .
However , more is involved than simply acquiring head knowledge .
Note how the inspired writer of Psalm 119 helps us to understand what it means to love Bible truth .
( Read Psalm 119 : 97 - 100 . )
Do we take the time to ponder , or dwell on , Scriptural passages throughout the day ?
Our appreciation for Bible truth will grow when we meditate on ways we benefit from applying it in our lives .
The psalmist went on to say : “ How sweet your sayings are to my palate , more so than honey to my mouth ! ”
Similarly , we can savor the tasty Bible - based spiritual food that we receive from God’s organization .
We can allow it to linger on our figurative palate so that we can recall the “ delightful words ” of truth and use them to help others . ​ — Eccl .
12 : 10 .
What helped Jeremiah to love Scriptural truth , and how did it affect him ?
The prophet Jeremiah loved Scriptural truth .
Notice the effect that God’s words had on his heart . “ Your words were found , and I ate them ; and your word became to me the exultation and the rejoicing of my heart , for your name has been called on me , O Jehovah God of armies . ”
Jeremiah figuratively ate and digested God’s precious words by meditating on them .
In that way he developed a heartfelt appreciation for the privilege of having God’s name called on him .
Has our love for Bible truth moved us to recognize the unique privilege we have to bear God’s name and to proclaim his Kingdom in this time of the end ?
Show love for Bible truth ( See paragraph 14 )
How can we enhance our love for Bible truth ?
Besides reading the Bible and our Bible - based publications , how else can we develop a deep love for Bible truth ?
We can enhance our love for Bible truth by regularly attending congregation meetings .
The weekly study of the Bible with the help of The Watchtower is a principal means by which we are taught .
To get the sense of the subject that is considered , we need to prepare well for each Watchtower Study .
One way we can do so is by looking up each of the cited Bible texts .
Nowadays , The Watchtower can be downloaded from the jw.org website or viewed on the JW Library app in many languages .
Some electronic formats allow us to access quickly the cited texts from each study article .
But whatever method we use , reading these scriptures carefully and meditating on them will deepen our love for Bible truth . ​ — Read Psalm 1 : 2 .
15 , 16 . ( a ) According to John 13 : 34 , 35 , what obligation do we have ?
( b ) How is the love we have for our brothers linked to our love for God and the Bible ?
On his last night on earth , Jesus said to his disciples : “ I am giving you a new commandment , that you love one another ; just as I have loved you , you also love one another .
By this all will know that you are my disciples ​ — if you have love among yourselves . ” ​ — John 13 : 34 , 35 .
Having love for our brothers and sisters is linked to the love we have for Jehovah .
In fact , we cannot have one without the other .
The apostle John wrote : “ The one who does not love his brother , whom he has seen , cannot love God , whom he has not seen . ”
Furthermore , our love for Jehovah and our brothers is linked to our love for the Bible .
Why ?
Because love for Bible truth moves us to obey from the heart the Scriptural commandments to love God and to love our brothers . ​ — 1 Pet . 1 : 22 ; 1 John 4 : 21 .
Show love for the brothers and sisters ( See paragraph 17 )
What are some ways in which we can show love ?
Read 1 Thessalonians 4 : 9 , 10 .
What are some examples of practical ways in which we can show love in our congregation ?
An elderly brother or sister may be in need of transportation to Christian meetings .
A widow may need help with some repairs on her home .
Whether young or old , brothers and sisters who are discouraged or depressed or who face other trials need our attention , encouragement , and comfort .
We give proof that we truly love our brothers when we show by words and deeds that we have deep concern for “ those related to us in the faith . ” ​ — Gal .
6 : 10 .
What will help us to overcome minor disagreements with fellow believers ?
The Bible foretold that “ the last days ” of this wicked system of things would be marked by a spirit of selfishness and greed .
As Christians , we must therefore work hard to grow in our love for God , for Bible truth , and for one another .
True , we may at times have minor disagreements with fellow believers .
However , what a blessing it is for all in the congregation when love motivates us to settle any differences in a loving manner !
So may we never allow our love to grow cold !
Rather , may we continue to have intense love for Jehovah , his Word , and our brothers .
“ Simon son of John , do you love me more than these ? ” ​ — JOHN 21 : 15 .
SONGS : 143 , 65
How do we keep secular work in its proper place ?
What can help us to have a balanced view of recreation ?
How can we successfully fight materialism ?
1 , 2 .
After spending a night fishing , what experience did Peter have ?
SEVEN of Jesus ’ disciples had just spent the entire night fishing in the Sea of Galilee but had not caught anything .
From the beach , the resurrected Jesus observed the group .
Then he said to them : “ ‘ Cast the net on the right side of the boat and you will find some . ’
So they cast it , but they were not able to haul it in because of the large number of fish . ” ​ — John 21 : 1 - 6 .
After serving them breakfast , Jesus turned to Simon Peter and said : “ Simon son of John , do you love me more than these ? ”
To what was Jesus referring ?
Peter was quite attached to fishing .
So it seems that Jesus was asking him where his true affection lay .
Did he have greater affection for the fish and the fishing business than for Jesus and the things that he taught ?
In answer , Peter said : “ Yes , Lord , you know I have affection for you . ”
Peter certainly lived up to his word .
From that point forward , he proved his love for Christ by busying himself in the disciple - making work , becoming a pillar in the first - century Christian congregation .
To what dangers do Christians need to be alert ?
What can we learn from the words that Jesus spoke to Peter ?
We need to be careful not to allow our love for Christ to weaken and let ourselves be distracted from Kingdom interests .
Jesus was keenly aware of the pressures associated with the anxieties of this system of things .
In his illustration of the sower , Jesus said that some would accept “ the word of the Kingdom ” and make initial progress but that “ the anxiety of this system of things and the deceptive power of riches ” would “ choke the word . ”
Indeed , if we are not careful , the everyday concerns of life could entice our heart and cause us to slow down spiritually .
Thus , Jesus warned his disciples : “ Pay attention to yourselves that your hearts never become weighed down with overeating and heavy drinking and anxieties of life . ” ​ — Luke 21 : 34 .
What will help us to examine the depth of our love for Christ ?
( See opening picture . )
Just as Peter did after his experience with the resurrected Jesus , we prove the depth of our love for Christ by putting the work he has given us to do in first place .
How can we make sure that we continue to do so ?
From time to time , we need to ask ourselves : ‘ Where does my true affection lie ?
Does most of my joy come from engaging in mundane activities or in spiritual activities ? ’
In this regard , let us consider three areas of life that if not kept in their proper place could weaken our love for the Christ and for spiritual things ​ — secular work , recreation , and material things .
What Scriptural responsibility do family heads have ?
To Peter , fishing was more than a mere hobby ​ — it was his livelihood .
Family heads today recognize that they have a Scriptural responsibility to provide for their family’s material needs .
They must work hard to fulfill this obligation .
However , in these last days , secular work is often a source of anxiety .
What stresses exist in the modern workplace ?
As a result of fierce competition for a limited number of jobs , many employees feel compelled to work more hours , sometimes for less pay .
Also , the constant push for increased production takes a heavy toll on people physically , mentally , and emotionally .
Employees who are unwilling to make such sacrifices for their company risk losing their jobs .
7 , 8 . ( a ) Where does our primary loyalty lie ?
( b ) What valuable lesson did a brother in Thailand learn about his work ?
As Christians , we owe our primary loyalty to Jehovah God , not to our employer .
Secular work is simply a means to an end .
We work to provide our basic material needs and to support our ministry .
If we are not careful , however , secular work could interfere with our worship .
For example , a brother in Thailand related : “ My secular work of repairing computers was very interesting , but it involved working long hours .
As a result , it left me almost no time for spiritual matters .
I finally realized that in order to put Kingdom interests first , I needed to change my line of work . ”
What did this brother do ?
“ After planning for about a year , ” he explained , “ I decided to become a street vendor and sell ice cream .
In the beginning , I struggled financially and got discouraged .
When I met my former workmates , they would laugh at me and ask why I thought selling ice cream was better than working with computers in an air - conditioned environment .
I prayed to Jehovah , asking him to help me to cope and to reach my goal of having more time for spiritual activities .
Before long , things began to improve .
I got better acquainted with my customers ’ tastes and became more skillful in making ice cream .
Soon , I was selling all my ice cream every day .
Actually , I was better - off financially than when I worked with computers .
It has made me happier because I do not have the stress and worry that I had with my former job .
And most important , I now feel closer to Jehovah . ” ​ — Read Matthew 5 : 3 , 6 .
How can we maintain a balanced view of our secular work ?
Industriousness is a godly quality , and hard work is rewarding .
Still , as the brother mentioned above learned , secular work needs to be kept in its proper place .
Jesus said : “ Keep on , then , seeking first the Kingdom and his righteousness , and all these other things [ basic material needs ] will be added to you . ”
To help determine whether we have a balanced view of secular matters and spiritual responsibilities , it is good to ask ourselves : ‘ Do I find my secular work interesting and exciting but view my spiritual activities as ordinary or routine ? ’
Thinking about and meditating on how we feel about our secular and spiritual activities can help us to determine where our true affection lies .
What valuable lesson did Jesus teach about setting priorities ?
Jesus set the standard in balancing secular interests and spiritual matters .
On one occasion , Jesus visited the home of Mary and her sister , Martha .
While Martha scurried about preparing a meal , Mary chose to sit at Jesus ’ feet and listen to him .
When Martha complained that Mary was not helping , Jesus told Martha : “ Mary chose the good portion , and it will not be taken away from her . ”
Jesus was teaching Martha a valuable lesson .
To avoid being distracted by secular matters and to prove our love for Christ , we must continue to choose “ the good portion , ” to give priority to spiritual things .
What do the Scriptures teach about rest and relaxation ?
We need some time to relax and find refreshment from our hard work and busy schedules .
God’s Word states : “ There is nothing better for a man than to eat and drink and find enjoyment in his hard work . ”
Jesus recognized the need to rest on occasion .
Following one particularly intense witnessing campaign , he told his disciples : “ Come , you yourselves , privately into an isolated place and rest up a little . ” ​ — Mark 6 : 31 , 32 .
Regarding recreation and entertainment , what caution is in order ?
Give an example .
Indeed , recreation and entertainment fill an important need .
However , the danger exists that having a good time could become the primary focus of our life .
Back in the first century , many had the attitude “ Let us eat and drink , for tomorrow we are to die . ”
That same spirit prevails in many parts of the world today .
For example , years ago a young man in Western Europe began attending Christian meetings .
But his fascination with entertainment was so strong that he stopped associating with Jehovah’s people .
In time , however , he understood that his focus on entertainment had only led to problems and disappointments .
So he resumed his Bible study and eventually qualified to become a publisher of the good news .
After his baptism , he said : “ The only regret I have is that I lost so much time before I realized that serving Jehovah brings far more happiness than pursuing the entertainment offered by this world . ”
( a ) Illustrate the dangers related to recreation and entertainment . ( b ) What could help us to maintain a balanced view of recreation and entertainment ?
The purpose of recreation is to refresh and rejuvenate us .
To achieve that , how much time should we spend on it ?
Think of this comparison : Many of us love to eat a dessert once in a while , but we realize that a steady diet of cakes and candies will harm our health .
Therefore , we mainly eat nutritious food .
Similarly , a steady diet of recreation and entertainment will weaken our spiritual health .
To prevent that , we regularly engage in Kingdom activities .
How can we determine if we have a balanced view of recreation ?
We could select a week and keep a record of the number of hours we spend on spiritual activities , such as attending meetings , sharing in the field ministry , and engaging in personal and family Bible study .
Then we could compare that figure to the number of hours we spent that same week on recreational activities , such as participating in sports , enjoying hobbies , watching television , or playing video games .
What does the comparison reveal ?
Might there be a need to cut back on “ dessert ” ? ​ — Read Ephesians 5 : 15 , 16 .
What should guide us in choosing our recreation and entertainment ?
Individuals and family heads are free to choose the recreation they prefer , as long as it consists of activities that are in harmony with Jehovah’s guidelines expressed in Bible principles .
* Wholesome recreation is a “ gift of God . ”
Of course , we realize that choices in recreation may differ from one person to the next .
Whatever entertainment we may choose , we want to keep it in its proper place .
Jesus said : “ Where your treasure is , there your heart will be also . ”
Thus , our heartfelt love for Jesus will move us to focus our thoughts , speech , and actions primarily on Kingdom activities rather than on the everyday affairs of life . ​ — Phil .
1 : 9 , 10 .
15 , 16 . ( a ) In what way could materialism become a snare for a Christian ?
( b ) What wise counsel did Jesus give regarding material things ?
Many today are obsessed with the latest fashions , electronic gadgets , and so forth .
Therefore , each Christian regularly needs to examine his own desires by asking himself such questions as : ‘ Have material things become so important to me that I spend more time researching and thinking about the latest cars or fashions than I do preparing for congregation meetings ?
Have I become so preoccupied with the everyday affairs of life that I spend less time praying or reading the Bible ? ’
If we realize that our love for material things is eclipsing our love for the Christ , we should reflect on Jesus ’ words : “ Guard against every sort of greed . ”
Why did Jesus give that serious warning ?
Jesus stated that “ no one can slave for two masters . ”
He added : “ You cannot slave for God and for Riches . ”
That is because both “ masters ” require exclusive devotion .
We will either “ hate the one and love the other ” or “ stick to the one and despise the other , ” said Jesus .
As imperfect people , all of us need to keep up our fight against “ the desires of our flesh , ” including materialism . ​ — Eph .
2 : 3 .
( a ) Why do fleshly - minded people have difficulty cultivating a balanced view of material things ?
( b ) What helps us to fight materialistic desires ?
Fleshly - minded people have difficulty cultivating a balanced view of material things .
Why ?
Because their spiritual senses are dulled .
( Read 1 Corinthians 2 : 14 . )
Once their powers of discernment have become clouded , it becomes more difficult for them to distinguish right from wrong .
As a result , some develop an uncontrolled desire for material things ​ — a desire that can never be fully satisfied .
Thankfully , there is an antidote to being poisoned by materialistic thinking : a healthy dose of God’s Word , the Bible , taken on a regular basis .
Just as meditating on divine truth fortified Jesus to reject temptation , so applying Bible principles helps us to fight against materialistic desires .
By doing so , we show Jesus that we love him more than any material thing .
What are your priorities in life ?
( See paragraph 18 )
What are you determined to do ?
When Jesus asked Peter : “ Do you love me more than these ? ”
he was reminding Peter of the need to put spiritual things first in his life .
Peter , whose name means “ A Piece of Rock , ” indeed lived up to his name , for he displayed rocklike qualities .
We today are likewise determined to remain steadfast in our love for Christ , keeping secular work , recreation , and material things in their proper place .
May our choices in life reflect that we share the sentiments of Peter , who told Jesus : “ Lord , you know I have affection for you . ”
See the article “ Is Your Recreation Beneficial ? ”
in The Watchtower of October 15 , 2011 , pp . 9 - 12 , pars . 6 - 15 .
GAIUS and other Christians in the late first century faced challenges .
Individuals who were spreading false teachings tried to weaken and divide congregations .
A man named Diotrephes was spreading “ malicious talk ” about the apostle John and others , was refusing to extend hospitality to traveling Christians , and was trying to persuade others to follow his example .
That was the situation when John wrote to Gaius .
The apostle’s letter , written about 98 C.E . , appears in the Christian Greek Scriptures as “ The Third of John . ”
Despite the challenges he faced , Gaius continued to serve Jehovah faithfully .
How did he show his faithfulness ?
Why do we want to imitate Gaius ’ example today ?
How can John’s letter help us to do so ?
The writer of Third John calls himself “ the older man . ”
That was enough for his beloved spiritual child Gaius to recognize him as the apostle John .
John warmly addressed Gaius as “ the beloved , whom I truly love . ”
Then John expressed his hope that the physical health of Gaius was as good as his spiritual health .
What a fine sentiment and beautiful compliment ! ​ — 3 John 1 , 2 , 4 .
Gaius might well have been a congregation overseer , but the letter does not specifically say so .
John praised Gaius for hosting the brothers even though they were strangers to him .
John considered this to be proof of Gaius ’ faithfulness , since showing hospitality has always distinguished God’s servants . ​ — Gen .
18 : 1 - 8 ; 1 Tim .
3 : 2 ; 3 John 5 .
John’s words of appreciation for the hospitality that Gaius showed to the brothers indicate that Christians regularly traveled between the apostle John’s location and the congregations , and these travelers evidently told John about what they had encountered .
Perhaps it was by this means that John received news about these congregations .
Traveling Christians would certainly want to stay with fellow believers .
Inns had terrible reputations , offered bad service , and were dens of immoral conduct .
Where possible , therefore , wise travelers stayed with friends ; traveling Christians with Christian hosts .
John encouraged Gaius to show hospitality again , for the apostle asked him to “ send [ the travelers ] on their way in a manner worthy of God . ”
In this case , sending guests on their way meant meeting their needs for the next leg of the journey and supplying them with everything required until they arrived at their destination .
It was evident that Gaius had already done this for his previous guests , since they had brought John a report of their host’s love and faith . ​ — 3 John 3 , 6 .
The guests may have been missionaries , John’s envoys , or traveling overseers .
Whatever the case , they traveled for the sake of the good news .
John said : “ It was in behalf of his name that they went out . ”
John had just referred to God ( see verse 6 ) , so the expression “ in behalf of his name ” appears to refer to Jehovah’s name .
Hence , the brothers were part of the Christian congregation and deserved a warm reception .
It is as John wrote : “ We are under obligation to show hospitality to such ones , so that we may become fellow workers in the truth . ” ​ — 3 John 8 .
John’s reason for writing to Gaius was not just to thank him .
John also wanted to help him deal with a serious problem .
For some reason , a member of the Christian congregation named Diotrephes was not willing to show hospitality to traveling Christians .
He even tried to hinder others from showing hospitality . ​ — 3 John 9 , 10 .
No doubt , faithful Christians would not have wanted to stay with Diotrephes even if that were possible .
He liked to have the first place in the congregation , he received nothing from John with respect , and he was spreading malicious talk about the apostle and others .
Although John never called him a false teacher , Diotrephes was resisting the apostle’s authority .
Diotrephes ’ desire for prominence and his unchristian attitude called into question his loyalty .
The case of Diotrephes illustrates the divisive influence that ambitious and arrogant individuals may try to exert in a congregation .
John therefore told Gaius and , by extension , each of us : “ Do not imitate what is bad . ” ​ — 3 John 11 .
Unlike Diotrephes , a Christian named Demetrius is mentioned by John as a good example .
“ Demetrius has been well - reported - on . . . In fact , we too are bearing witness about him , ” wrote John , “ and you know that the witness we give is true . ”
It may have been that Demetrius needed Gaius ’ assistance , and Third John may have served as the apostle’s letter of introduction and recommendation .
Demetrius himself may well have delivered the letter to Gaius .
As one of John’s envoys , or perhaps a traveling overseer , Demetrius likely reinforced what John had written .
Why did John urge Gaius to continue showing hospitality when he was already doing so ?
Did John see the need to bolster Gaius ’ courage ?
Was the apostle worried that Gaius might hesitate because Diotrephes was attempting to throw hospitable Christians out of the congregation ?
Whatever the case , John reassured Gaius by saying : “ The one who does good originates with God . ”
That is an excellent reason to do good and to keep on doing so .
Did John’s letter motivate Gaius to continue being hospitable ?
The fact that Third John was preserved in the Bible canon and was passed on to encourage others to “ imitate what is good ” suggests that it did .
No more is known about our dear brother of old , Gaius .
Nevertheless , this brief glimpse into his life can teach us a number of lessons .
In what ways can we “ follow the course of hospitality ” ?
First , to some extent , most of us owe our knowledge of the truth to faithful ones who were willing to travel in order to make it known to us .
Of course , not all members of the present - day Christian congregation travel great distances for the sake of the good news .
However , like Gaius , we can in some way support and encourage those who do travel , such as the circuit overseer and his wife .
Or we may be able to give practical support to brothers and sisters who move to areas within the country , or even abroad , to serve where the need for Kingdom publishers is greater .
So let us “ follow the course of hospitality . ” ​ — Rom . 12 : 13 ; 1 Tim .
5 : 9 , 10 .
Second , we should not be surprised if on rare occasions challenges to authority arise in the congregations today .
John’s authority was challenged ; so was that of the apostle Paul .
How , then , should we react if we encounter similar difficulties from some within the congregation ?
Paul advised Timothy : “ A slave of the Lord does not need to fight , but needs to be gentle toward all , qualified to teach , showing restraint when wronged , instructing with mildness those not favorably disposed . ”
When we maintain a mild temper even when provoked , some critical individuals may gradually be moved to adjust their disposition .
In turn , Jehovah “ may give them repentance leading to an accurate knowledge of truth . ” ​ — 2 Tim .
2 : 24 , 25 .
Third , fellow Christians who serve Jehovah loyally despite opposition need to be acknowledged and warmly commended for their faithful course .
The apostle John surely encouraged Gaius and reassured him that he was doing what was right .
Likewise , elders today should follow John’s example by encouraging their brothers and sisters so that they will “ not grow weary . ” ​ — Isa .
40 : 31 ; 1 Thess .
5 : 11 .
With only 219 words in its Greek text , the letter from the apostle John to Gaius is the shortest book in the Bible .
Yet , it truly is of great value to Christians today .
DANIEL AND MIRIAM married in September 2000 and settled down in the city of Barcelona , Spain .
“ We led a so - called normal life , ” relates Daniel .
“ Our jobs allowed us to eat in fine restaurants , travel abroad , and wear quality clothes .
We also shared regularly in the field ministry . ”
But then a change occurred .
At a convention in 2006 , Daniel was deeply touched by a talk that raised the question : “ Are we doing all we can to help those who are ‘ staggering to the slaughter ’ to get on the road to everlasting life ? ”
It stressed the responsibility to make known the Bible’s lifesaving message .
Daniel recalls , “ I had the feeling that Jehovah was talking to me . ”
The talk also mentioned that expanding one’s ministry leads to more joy .
Daniel knew that this was true .
Miriam had already begun pioneering and was experiencing joyful blessings .
Daniel says , “ I concluded that it was time for me to make a 180 - degree turn . ”
And he did .
He cut back on his hours at work , began pioneering , and thought about the joy he and Miriam could have by serving where the need for Kingdom preachers is greater .
In May 2007 , Daniel and Miriam quit their jobs and set out for Panama , a country they had visited before .
Their new territory was made up of several islands in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago in the Caribbean Sea , mostly inhabited by the indigenous Ngabe people .
Daniel and Miriam thought that by using their savings , they could stay in Panama for about eight months .
They traveled the islands by boat and bicycle , and they well remember their first cycling trip ​ — about 20 miles ( 32 km ) over steep hills , under the blazing sun .
Daniel nearly fainted from exhaustion .
Yet , in the homes along that route , the Ngabe families received them hospitably , especially after the couple learned some expressions in the local language .
Before long , they were conducting 23 Bible studies .
When their savings ran out , however , the couple’s joy turned to sorrow .
Daniel recalls : “ With tears in our eyes , we began thinking about our return to Spain .
We were so sad to leave our Bible students behind . ”
But then , a month later , they received thrilling news .
Miriam says : “ We were invited to serve as special pioneers .
What a joy to be able to stay in our assignment ! ”
In 2015 , as a result of adjustments in the organization , Daniel and Miriam were asked to continue their service as regular pioneers .
What to do ?
They trusted in the promise found at Psalm 37 : 5 : “ Commit your way to Jehovah ; rely on him , and he will act in your behalf . ”
They found secular work to support themselves as pioneers , and today they serve in a congregation in the province of Veraguas , Panama .
Daniel relates : “ Before we left Spain , we were not sure if we would be able to live a simple life .
Today we do , and we lack nothing of real importance . ”
What is their greatest joy ?
They say , “ To help humble people learn about Jehovah is a joy beyond compare ! ”
FROM OUR ARCHIVES
THE temperature had already started to climb that Friday morning in September 1922 as 8,000 people crowded into the auditorium .
The chairman announced that during this important session , anyone was free to leave , but no one would be allowed to reenter the hall .
Songs were sung during the opening “ Praise Service , ” after which Joseph F .
Rutherford stepped up to the speaker’s stand .
Most in the audience sat in suspense .
A few restlessly paced about in the heat .
The speaker earnestly urged them to sit down and listen .
As the talk began , did anyone notice the large cloth roll neatly tied and hung high overhead ?
Brother Rutherford spoke on the theme “ The kingdom of heaven is at hand . ”
For about an hour and a half , his powerful voice reverberated through the hall as he discussed how the prophets of old had fearlessly announced the coming Kingdom .
Reaching the climax , he asked , “ Do you believe that the King of glory has begun his reign ? ”
The audience responded with a mighty shout : “ Yes ! ”
“ Then back to the field , O ye sons of the most high God ! ” Brother Rutherford thundered .
“ Behold , the King reigns !
You are his publicity agents .
Therefore , advertise , advertise , advertise . ”
At that moment , the cloth roll overhead gracefully unfurled , revealing the slogan : “ Advertise the King and Kingdom . ”
“ The audience was electrified , ” recalled Ray Bopp .
Anna Gardner described how “ the rafters shook with the applause . ”
“ The whole audience rose to its feet as one , ” stated Fred Twarosh .
Evangelos Scouffas said , “ It was as if a mighty power pulled us up from our seats , and we stood up and our eyes filled with tears . ”
Many at that convention had already been spreading the Kingdom good news .
Yet , they now felt infused with a new sense of purpose .
Ethel Bennecoff related that the Bible Students went forth “ with more zeal and love in [ their ] hearts than ever before . ”
Odessa Tuck , who at the time was 18 , left the convention determined to answer the call “ Who will go ? ”
She said : “ I did not know where or how or what .
The one thing I did know was that I wanted to be like Isaiah , who said : ‘ Here I am !
Send me ! ’ ”
“ That celebrated day , ” said Ralph Leffler , “ was the real beginning of the Kingdom advertising campaign that today has encircled the earth . ”
No wonder that this 1922 Cedar Point , Ohio , convention has gone down in history as a theocratic milestone !
George Gangas said , “ That convention generated in me the desire never to miss one . ”
As far as he could recall , he never did .
Julia Wilcox wrote : “ I simply can’t describe the thrill I get every time Cedar Point 1922 is referred to in our literature .
I always want to say , ‘ Thank you , Jehovah , for permitting me to be there . ’ ”
Likely , many of us today have similar precious memories of a convention that especially thrilled our hearts and filled us with zeal and with love for our great God and his King .
As we reflect on such memories , we too are moved to say , “ Thank you , Jehovah , for permitting me to be there . ”
The letters “ ADV ” were everywhere ​ — on trees , on buildings , even on the convention program !
Those signs had the delegates bursting with curiosity .
*
“ On every post and doorway were white cards on which were printed in large , black type , ADV .
We asked what the letters meant , but no one seemed to know , or if they did , they would not tell us . ” ​ — Edith Brenisen . The signs are still a mystery .
To date , no photographs of them have been located by our Archives .
Arthur and Nellie Claus arrived early to get good seats .
“ I was hanging on to every word , ” Arthur said .
Suddenly , he began having abdominal cramps .
Reluctantly , he left the hall , knowing that he could not reenter .
An usher asked , “ How can you leave at a time like this ? ”
Arthur knew he must .
On his return , Arthur heard loud applause from inside the hall .
Searching for a spot outside the hall where he could hear what was going on inside , he discovered a place to climb up onto the roof , about 16 feet ( 4.8 m ) high .
Then he made his way toward a large skylight with open windows .
There Arthur found several brothers in a quandary , peering down on the speaker .
They had instructions to cut several cords simultaneously to release a banner .
But to cut the cords all at once , they needed one more knife .
Did Arthur have a sharp pocketknife ?
To their great relief , he did .
Arthur and the others took their positions and waited for the appointed signal .
When Brother Rutherford said “ Advertise ! ” for the second time , they were to cut the cords .
Eyewitnesses described how smoothly the large , three - colored banner unfurled .
In the center was a painting of Jesus .
Afterward , the brothers explained to Arthur that they had climbed a ladder to the roof and then the ladder had been taken away .
They could not go for help , so they prayed to Jehovah to send a brother with a knife .
Those brothers were convinced that Jehovah had answered their prayer in a most interesting way .
3 Do You Remember ?
4 Jehovah Provides Comfort in All Our Trials
Though we all face trials and tribulations , Jehovah provides the comfort we need .
This article reviews vital provisions that we can use to receive true comfort now and in the future .
9 Set Your Heart on Spiritual Treasures
This article will help us to apply a lesson that Jesus taught in the illustration about a merchant seeking pearls .
It will also help us to analyze our personal view of the lifesaving ministry that Christians have been assigned and the truths that we have learned over the years .
14 Can You Look Beyond Outward Appearances ?
16 Will You Resolve Conflicts and Promote Peace ?
21 “ Blessed Be Your Good Sense ! ”
22 Keep Your Eyes on the Big Issue
27 Uphold Jehovah’s Sovereignty !
In the rush of life , it is easy to lose sight of what is important .
These articles will help us to appreciate the importance of Jehovah’s sovereignty and to understand how we can uphold it .
32 Did You Know ?
“ The God of all comfort . . . comforts us in all our trials . ” ​ — 2 COR .
1 : 3 , 4 .
SONGS : 33 , 41
Why can we expect that marriage and family life will involve some trials ?
How did prayer prove to be of comfort to some mentioned in the Bible ?
What can you do to provide comfort to others ?
1 , 2 .
How does Jehovah comfort us in our trials , and what assurance does his Word provide ?
A YOUNG single brother , whom we will call Eduardo , spoke of his concerns with Stephen , an older married elder .
Eduardo had been thinking about what we read at 1 Corinthians 7 : 28 : “ Those who [ marry ] will have tribulation in their flesh . ”
He asked , “ What is this ‘ tribulation , ’ and how would I deal with it if I marry ? ”
Before addressing that question , Stephen asked Eduardo to consider something else that the apostle Paul wrote , namely , that Jehovah is “ the God of all comfort , who comforts us in all our trials [ “ tribulation , ” ftn . ] . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
1 : 3 , 4 .
Jehovah is indeed a loving Father , and he comforts us when we face difficulties .
You may personally have had experiences in which God provided you with support and guidance , often through his Word .
We can be sure that he wants the best for us , as he did for his servants in the past . ​ — Read Jeremiah 29 : 11 , 12 .
What questions will we address ?
Understandably , we are in a better position to cope if we can identify the causes of our problems or tribulations .
And that is true of tribulation related to married life or to family life .
What , then , are some of the realities that may bring on the ‘ tribulation in the flesh ’ that Paul mentioned ?
What examples from both Bible times and our time can help us to find the comfort we need ?
Knowing this will help us to cope .
4 , 5 .
What are some causes of ‘ tribulation in the flesh ’ ?
We can read what God said near the start of human history : “ A man will leave his father and his mother and he will stick to his wife , and they will become one flesh . ”
Jehovah said that when he performed the first human marriage .
Yet , under imperfect conditions , getting married and setting up a new household can strain family relationships .
Usually , parental authority is being replaced by the authority of the husband .
God authorizes him to exercise headship over his wife .
Some new husbands and wives do not find this to be easy .
According to God’s Word , a wife is to accept that she will be directed by her husband rather than by her parents .
Relationships with in - laws may become strained and cause tribulation for the newlyweds .
New anxieties often surface after a wife announces to her husband , “ We are going to have a baby . ”
Usually , a couple’s joy over their prospective child is tinged with some apprehension about medical issues that may arise during the pregnancy or later .
And there will be an economic impact to consider , both immediate and long - term .
More adjustments become necessary when the baby arrives .
The new mother’s time and attention may be focused on caring for her child .
Many a husband has felt left out because his wife is occupied with her duties toward their baby .
On the other hand , a new father has new responsibilities to shoulder . His duties increase because he has a new family member to care for and provide for .
6 - 8 .
How can an unfulfilled desire to have children cause distress ?
A different sort of tribulation confronts some married couples .
They desperately want children but remain childless .
When the wife does not become pregnant , she may feel much emotional distress .
Neither marriage nor childbearing guarantees freedom from cares , yet an unfulfilled desire for children is in its own way a ‘ tribulation in the flesh . ’
In Bible times , barrenness often carried a stigma .
Rachel , Jacob’s wife , expressed anguish at seeing her sister have children .
Missionaries serving in lands where it is customary to have large families are often asked why they do not have children .
Despite their logical and tactful explanation , the reaction may be , “ Oh , we will pray for you ! ”
Or consider the case of a sister in England who very much wanted a child but whose hopes in that regard had not been fulfilled .
Then she entered the change of life .
She admitted that she felt devastated , for she realized that her desire would not be satisfied in this system of things . She and her husband decided to adopt a child .
Nonetheless , she said : “ I still went through a sort of grieving process .
I knew that adoption would not be exactly the same as giving birth to my own child . ”
The Bible does mention a Christian woman’s being “ kept safe through childbearing . ”
But this does not mean that giving birth or having children results in gaining everlasting life .
Rather , it refers to the fact that a woman’s having children to tend to , along with the other aspects of caring for a household , may keep her from falling into a pattern of gossiping and meddling in others ’ affairs .
However , she may still face tribulations linked to marriage and family life .
How can a person cope with the loss of a loved one ?
( See paragraphs 9 , 12 )
How is losing a marriage mate in death a distinct trial ?
When referring to tribulations associated with marriage , there is one that may not readily come to mind .
The death of a loved one .
Yes , a distinct trial that many have faced is that of losing a beloved marriage mate in death .
This is a trial that the survivor may not have expected to face in this system of things .
Christians firmly believe Jesus ’ promise of a coming resurrection .
What does that prospect do for the surviving mate ?
It offers a considerable amount of comfort .
This is another way that our loving Father , through his Word , offers support and comfort to those experiencing tribulation .
Let us now consider how some servants of God have felt ​ — and benefited from — ​ the comfort that Jehovah provides .
How did Hannah find relief from distress ?
( See opening picture . )
Hannah , a beloved wife of Elkanah , faced a particular trial .
She remained barren while Elkanah’s other wife , Peninnah , produced offspring .
( Read 1 Samuel 1 : 4 - 7 . )
Hannah was taunted by Peninnah “ year after year . ”
That caused Hannah great anguish and distress .
She sought relief by taking the matter to Jehovah in prayer .
Indeed , “ she prayed for a long time before Jehovah . ”
Did she expect Jehovah to grant her request ? She must have hoped so .
In any event , “ her face was no longer downcast . ”
She trusted that Jehovah would either put an end to her barrenness or fill the lack in some other way .
How can prayer provide us with comfort ?
Trials and tribulations will continue as long as we are imperfect and are in this system under Satan’s control .
How good it is to know , though , that Jehovah is “ the God of all comfort ” !
One way that we can receive help to deal with our personal trials or tribulations is through prayer .
Hannah poured out her heart to Jehovah .
Similarly , in the face of tribulation , we need to do more than simply mention to Jehovah how we feel .
We need to supplicate him , yes , to convey our feelings by praying intensely from the heart . ​ — Phil .
4 : 6 , 7 .
What helped the widow Anna to find joy ?
Even if we feel a deep void in our life ​ — whether from childlessness or from the death of a loved one — ​ we can still gain comfort .
In Jesus ’ day , the prophetess Anna lost her husband after only seven years of marriage .
The Bible account makes no mention of any children .
What was Anna still doing at 84 years of age ?
Luke 2 : 37 states : “ She was never missing from the temple , rendering sacred service night and day with fasting and supplications . ”
Yes , Anna found comfort as well as joy in worshipping Jehovah .
Give an example of how true friends can bring comfort even when close relatives fail to do so .
When we associate closely with our brothers and sisters , we find true friends and close companions .
Paula recalls how sad she felt at the age of five when her mother fell away from the truth .
Overcoming this trial was not easy .
But she was greatly encouraged when Ann , a pioneer sister in the congregation , took a keen personal interest in her spiritual welfare .
“ Even though Ann was not related to me , I found her loving concern to be such a help , ” Paula explains .
“ It helped me to keep serving Jehovah . ”
Paula continues to serve faithfully .
She is also very happy to be once again serving alongside her mother in the congregation .
Ann too is happy , for she has been like a spiritual mother to Paula .
Those who give comfort can experience what blessings ?
Interestingly , when we show loving personal interest in others , we may actually let go of some of our own negative feelings .
Sisters , married or unmarried , know for a fact that they find great joy in sharing the good news as fellow workers with God .
Their goal is to honor God by doing his will .
Some even view their participation in the ministry as therapy .
Certainly , all of us contribute to a close bond in the congregation when we show concern for others , those in our territory and those in the congregation .
The apostle Paul was a fine example .
He became like “ a nursing mother ” to those in the Thessalonian congregation ; he was also like a spiritual father . ​ — Read 1 Thessalonians 2 : 7 , 11 , 12 .
Who are primarily responsible for teaching young ones the truth ?
One area that merits attention is the comfort and help we offer to families .
On occasion , new ones ask mature publishers to help them teach their children the truth , even to conduct a Bible study with the youngsters .
Scripturally , the primary responsibility to teach and train young ones lies with the parents .
In some cases help from others is needed and much appreciated .
Yet , that does not negate the parents ’ responsibility .
Their regular communication in the family is essential .
In helping children , what should be borne in mind ?
If a parent decides to have someone study with the children , the one who does so should not try to take over the role of the parents .
There have been instances when a Witness was asked to study with children whose parents were not interested in the truth .
The Witness needs to bear in mind , though , that in providing spiritual help , he or she does not become the children’s parent .

And if such a study is conducted , it would be wise to do so either in the children’s home with the parents or another mature Witness around or in a suitable public area .
Thus no one would have a basis to misconstrue what is occurring .
It is to be hoped that the parents will , in time , fulfill their God - given responsibility to care spiritually for their children .
How can children become a source of comfort ?
Young ones who learn to love the true God and to follow his counsel can become a source of comfort in a family .
They can do so by showing respect for their parents and by helping in material ways .
They can also make a valuable spiritual contribution .
Before the Flood , Seth’s descendant Lamech worshipped Jehovah .
That family man said of his son Noah : “ [ He ] will bring us comfort from our labor and from the painful toil of our hands because of the ground that Jehovah has cursed . ”
That prophecy was fulfilled when the curse on the ground was lifted .
On a more personal level , children who pursue true worship can prove to be sources of comfort in their families , helping all to endure present trials and then to survive something greater than the Flood .
What can help us to endure courageously despite any tribulations or trials we face ?
Prayer , meditation on examples found in the Bible , and close association with Jehovah’s people are helping millions right now to gain comfort in all their trials .
( Read Psalm 145 : 18 , 19 . )
Knowing that Jehovah is the Source of lasting comfort will surely help us to endure courageously whatever tribulations we face ​ — now and in the future .
“ Where your treasure is , there your hearts will be also . ” ​ — LUKE 12 : 34 .
SONGS : 76 , 59
If we treasure God’s Kingdom in our heart , what will we be motivated to do ?
What are you determined to do to show your love for our lifesaving ministry ?
How do we fill our treasure store with revealed truths , and what are the benefits of doing so ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What are three spiritual treasures that Jehovah has given to us ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
JEHOVAH is the wealthiest Person in the universe .
As a generous Father , he openhandedly shares his spiritual riches with all who discern their excelling value .
How grateful we are that Jehovah has given us spiritual treasures , which include ( 1 ) God’s Kingdom , ( 2 ) our lifesaving ministry , and ( 3 ) the precious truths found in his Word !
If we are not careful , though , we could lose appreciation for these treasures and , in effect , throw them away .
To hold on to them , we must use them well and constantly renew our love for them .
Jesus said : “ Where your treasure is , there your hearts will be also . ” ​ — Luke 12 : 34 .
Let us consider how we can develop and maintain our love and appreciation for the Kingdom , the ministry , and the truth .
As we do so , meditate on how you personally can deepen your love for these spiritual treasures .
What was the merchant in Jesus ’ illustration willing to do to gain the priceless pearl ?
( See opening picture . )
Read Matthew 13 : 45 , 46 .
Jesus told an illustration about a merchant who was seeking pearls .
Over the years , the merchant had no doubt bought and sold hundreds of pearls .
Yet , now he had found the one pearl that was so magnificent that just seeing it made his heart rejoice .
But to buy it would mean that he would have to sell everything else that he owned .
Can you imagine how precious that pearl was to him ?
If we love God’s Kingdom as much as the merchant loved the pearl , what will we do ?
What is the lesson for us ?
The truth of God’s Kingdom is like that priceless pearl .
If we love it as much as the merchant loved that pearl , we will be willing to give up everything in order to become and to remain one of the subjects of the Kingdom .
( Read Mark 10 : 28 - 30 . )
Consider two individuals who did just that .
How did Zacchaeus show his determination to gain God’s Kingdom ?
Zacchaeus was a chief tax collector who had become rich by extorting money .
Yet , when that unrighteous man heard Jesus preach about the Kingdom , he recognized the excelling value of what he was hearing and took immediate action .
He exclaimed : “ Look ! The half of my belongings , Lord , I am giving to the poor , and whatever I extorted from anyone , I am restoring four times over . ”
He gladly gave up his ill - gotten riches and abandoned his greed for material things .
What changes did Rose make to become a subject of God’s Kingdom , and why did she do so ?
Some years ago , when someone we will call Rose heard the Kingdom message , she was involved in a lesbian relationship .
She was president of an organization fighting for the rights of homosexuals .
As Rose studied the Bible , however , she discerned the excelling value of the truth about God’s Kingdom .
But she realized that she would have to make major adjustments .
Her heart moved her to resign from her position and to end her lesbian relationship .
Rose was baptized in 2009 , and the next year , she began to serve as a regular pioneer .
Her love for Jehovah and his Kingdom was stronger than any fleshly desires . ​ — Mark 12 : 29 , 30 .
How can we maintain wholehearted love for God’s Kingdom ?
Granted , many of us have made life - transforming changes to become subjects of God’s Kingdom .
Even so , our work is not finished .
We must remain alert to things that actively compete for our affection , including the desire for material things and any immoral sexual desires .
To help us maintain our wholehearted love for God’s Kingdom , Jehovah has given us another priceless treasure .
( a ) Why did the apostle Paul describe our ministry as a “ treasure in earthen vessels ” ?
( b ) How did Paul demonstrate that he treasured his ministry ?
Recall that Jesus has assigned us to preach and teach the good news of God’s Kingdom .

The apostle Paul recognized the high value of the ministry .

He described the ministry of the new covenant as a “ treasure in earthen vessels . ”
Although we are simply imperfect earthen vessels , the message we preach can bring everlasting life to us and to those who listen to us .
Knowing this , Paul said : “ I do all things for the sake of the good news , in order to share it with others . ” Yes , Paul’s love for the ministry moved him to work hard at making disciples .
( Read Romans 1 : 14 , 15 ; 2 Timothy 4 : 2 . )
That helped him to endure severe opposition .
How can we demonstrate such love for the ministry ?
What are some ways that we can demonstrate our appreciation for the ministry ?
One way that Paul demonstrated appreciation for the ministry was by being alert to opportunities to speak to others .
Like the apostles and early Christians , we preach informally , publicly , and from house to house .
As our circumstances allow , we look for ways to expand our ministry , perhaps by serving as an auxiliary or a regular pioneer .
We might also learn another language , move to another area in our own country , or even move to another land . ​ — Acts 16 : 9 , 10 .
How was Irene blessed for her determination to share the good news ?
Consider the example of Irene , a single sister in the United States .
She had a deep desire to preach to Russian - speaking immigrants .
When she began doing so in 1993 , there were only about 20 publishers in the Russian - language group in New York City .
For some 20 years , Irene has worked hard in that language field .
“ I still do not speak Russian perfectly , ” Irene admits .
Yet , Jehovah has blessed her zealous spirit and that of others like her .
Today , there are six Russian congregations in New York City .
Fifteen of those with whom Irene studied got baptized .
Some of them serve as Bethelites , pioneers , and elders .
Irene says , “ When I think of other goals I could have pursued , I can’t imagine one that would have brought me more joy . ”
Yes , she treasures her ministry !
Do you view your ministry as a treasure and manifest that in your weekly schedule ?
( See paragraphs 11 , 12 )
What positive results come from continuing to preach despite persecution ?
If we treasure our ministry , we will be like the apostle Paul , continuing to preach despite persecution .
During the 1930 ’ s and early 1940 ’ s , our brothers in the United States faced tremendous opposition .
Yet , like Paul , they stood firm and continued preaching .
To protect our right to do that , the brothers fought many legal battles .
In 1943 , Brother Nathan H .
Knorr , when commenting on one victory in the U.S .
Supreme Court , stated : “ The victories won are due to your fight .
If the publisher had not kept on in the field , there would not be any cases in the Supreme Court ; but it is because you , the publisher , the brothers all over the world , keep on and will not quit that the defeat of persecution is brought about .
It is this victory of the Lord’s people standing firm that finally brings that decision . ”
This same firm stand by brothers in other countries has led to similar victories .
Yes , our love for the ministry can defeat persecution .
What is your determination with regard to your ministry ?
When we view the ministry as a priceless treasure from Jehovah , we will never be content with simply “ counting time . ”
Rather , we will do everything in our power “ to bear thorough witness to the good news . ”
But what will we teach to others ?
Consider another treasure from God .
13 , 14 .
What is the “ treasure store ” that Jesus referred to at Matthew 13 : 52 , and how do we fill it ?
A third spiritual treasure is our repository of revealed truths .
Jehovah is the God of truth .
As a generous Father , he shares divine truths with those who fear him .
From the time that we first heard the truth , we have had the opportunity to collect truths from his Word , the Bible , from our Christian publications , and from our conventions , assemblies , and weekly meetings .
Over time , we develop what Jesus described as a “ treasure store ” of old and new truths .
( Read Matthew 13 : 52 . )
Jehovah will help us to collect precious new truths into our “ treasure store ” if we search for them as for hidden treasures .
( Read Proverbs 2 : 4 - 7 . )
How do we do that ?
We must develop good personal study habits and do careful research in God’s Word and in our publications .
This will help us to discover truths that may be “ new ” in the sense that we did not know them before .
The very first issue of this magazine , published in July 1879 , stated : “ Truth , like a modest little flower in the wilderness of life , is surrounded and almost choked by the luxuriant growth of the weeds of error .
If you would find it you must be ever on the lookout . . . .
If you would possess it you must stoop to get it .
Be not content with one flower of truth . . . .
Gather ever , seek for more . ”
Yes , we must be eager to enrich our own treasure store of divine truths .
Why might we refer to some truths as “ old , ” and what are some that you especially treasure ?
We discovered some priceless truths when we first began to associate with God’s people .
These could well be described as “ old , ” in that we have known and appreciated them from the beginning of our Christian course .
What do such precious truths include ?
We learned that Jehovah is our Creator and Life - Giver and that he has a purpose for mankind .
We also learned that God lovingly provided the ransom sacrifice of his Son so that we might be freed from sin and death .
We further learned that his Kingdom will end all suffering and that we have the prospect of living forever in peace and happiness under Kingdom rule . ​ — John 3 : 16 ; Rev .
4 : 11 ; 21 : 3 , 4 .
What do we need to do when we receive an adjusted understanding of a truth ?
From time to time , our understanding of a Bible prophecy or some Scriptural passage may be adjusted .
When such new understandings are provided , we ought to take time to study the information carefully and meditate on it .
We seek to understand clearly not only the major adjustments but also the subtle differences between the old understanding and the new one .
In this way , we are certain to place the new truth securely in our own treasure store .
Why are such efforts worthwhile ?
17 , 18 .
How can holy spirit help us ?
Jesus taught that God’s spirit can bring back to our mind things that we have learned .
How can this help us as public instructors of the good news ?
Consider the experience of a brother named Peter .
In 1970 he was 19 years old and had recently begun serving at Bethel in Britain .
While preaching from door to door , he met a bearded middle - aged man .
Peter asked the man if he would like to understand the Bible .
Somewhat shocked , the man responded that this was a house of Jewish rabbis .
To test Peter , the rabbi asked , “ So , my boy , what language was the book of Daniel written in ? ”
Peter replied , “ Part of it was written in Aramaic . ”
“ The rabbi , ” Peter recalls , “ was surprised that I knew the answer ​ — but not as surprised as I was !
How did I know the answer ?
When I went home and checked the Watchtower and Awake !
magazines from the previous months , I found an article explaining that Daniel was written in Aramaic . ”
Yes , the holy spirit can bring back to our mind thoughts we previously read and securely placed in our treasure store . ​ — Luke 12 : 11 , 12 ; 21 : 13 - 15 .
If we treasure the wisdom from Jehovah , our heart will motivate us to fill up our treasure store with truths ​ — both new and old .
As our love and appreciation for Jehovah’s wisdom continue to grow , we will be well - equipped as public instructors .
Why must we safeguard our spiritual treasures ?
Satan and his world are constantly seeking to weaken or destroy our appreciation for the spiritual treasures we have discussed in this article .
We are not immune to these tactics .
We could easily be enticed by promises of a lucrative career , dreams of a lavish lifestyle , or the desire for a showy display of material riches .
The apostle John reminds us that this world is passing away and so is its desire .
Therefore , we must work hard to safeguard our affections and protect our love and appreciation for spiritual riches .
What are you resolved to do to safeguard your spiritual riches ?
Be willing to give up anything that could replace your wholehearted love for God’s Kingdom .
Continue to preach zealously , never losing appreciation for our lifesaving ministry .
Earnestly continue to search for divine truths .
As you do this , you will build up “ treasure in the heavens , where no thief gets near and no moth consumes .
For where your treasure is , there your hearts will be also . ” ​ — Luke 12 : 33 , 34 .
JEHOVAH GOD urges Christians to cherish peace , to make peace a key aspect of life .
The result of our being peaceable is that true worshippers enjoy an abundance of peace .
This helps to make the Christian congregation attractive to others who wish to be free of conflict .
For instance , a prominent witch doctor in Madagascar observed the harmony enjoyed by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
He said to himself , ‘ If ever I wanted to follow a religion , this would be the one . ’
In time , he quit his spiritistic practices , spent months straightening out his unscriptural marital situation , and became a worshipper of Jehovah , the God of peace .
Like that man , thousands of people every year find in the Christian congregation the peace that they so desperately desire .
However , the Bible makes it clear that the presence of “ bitter jealousy and contentiousness ” in the congregation can destroy friendships and create trouble .
Happily , the Bible also provides us with positive advice on how we can avoid those problems and strengthen peace .
To set the stage for doing so , let us consider some real - life situations .
“ I had trouble getting along with a brother who worked with me .
Once when we were yelling at each other , two people came in and witnessed our blowup . ” ​ — CHRIS .
“ A sister with whom I often preached suddenly ended our arrangements for the ministry .
Then she stopped talking to me altogether .
I had no idea why . ” ​ — JANET .
“ I was on a three - person phone call . One of the others said good - bye , and I thought he was off the line .
I then said unkind things about him to the other person on the phone , but the first person had not hung up . ” ​ — MICHAEL .
“ In our congregation , two pioneers began having problems .
One took to scolding the other .
Their bickering was discouraging to others . ” ​ — GARY .
You might feel that those incidents appear minor .
Still , each had the potential for causing lasting emotional and spiritual injury to those involved .
You will be pleased to know , though , that peace was restored by those brothers and sisters , who all used the Bible as their guide .
What Bible guidelines do you think they applied successfully ?
“ Do not become upset with one another on the way . ”
Joseph gave that advice to his brothers who were returning to their father .
How wise his words were !
When a person does not control his feelings and gets upset easily , he may provoke others to anger .
Chris came to see that his weaknesses were pride and a reluctance to accept direction .
Wanting to change , he apologized to the brother with whom he had been arguing and then worked hard to control his temper .
Noting Chris ’ effort to change , the workmate also made adjustments .
Now they enjoy serving Jehovah together .
“ Plans fail when there is no consultation . ”
Janet concluded that she needed to take that truth more to heart .
She decided to ‘ consult , ’ or speak with , the other sister .
During their conversation , Janet tactfully invited the sister to open up regarding her resentment .
At first , the conversation was somewhat tense , but things improved as they discussed their problem in a calm way .
The sister discovered that she had misunderstood a matter that did not even involve Janet .
She apologized , and they are once again serving Jehovah as a team .
“ If , then , you are bringing your gift to the altar and there you remember that your brother has something against you , leave your gift there in front of the altar , and go away . First make your peace with your brother . ”
You may recall that advice Jesus gave in the Sermon on the Mount .
Michael felt devastated when he realized how inconsiderate and unkind he had been .
He was determined to make an effort to restore peace .
He humbly apologized face - to - face to the brother he had hurt .
With what result ?
Michael says , “ My brother genuinely forgave me . ”
Their friendship was restored .
“ Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another . ”
In the case of the two longtime pioneers , a kind elder helped them to reflect on such questions as these : ‘ Do the two of us have the right to make others sad because of our disagreement ?
Do we truly have a valid reason not to put up with each other and go on serving Jehovah peacefully ? ’
They accepted the elder’s counsel and applied it .
Now they get along well as they preach the good news .
Applying the Bible instruction just cited , Colossians 3 : 12 - 14 , may be a good starting point if someone hurts you .
Many have found that , with humility , they can just forgive and forget .
If after some effort it seems that more is needed , could Matthew 18 : 15 be applied in principle ?
Jesus ’ counsel here refers to the step to take when someone has committed a serious sin against another .
But in principle it may be the course you need to follow .
Simply approach your brother or sister and kindly and humbly try to discuss the matter and settle it .
Of course , the Bible provides other practical suggestions .
Underlying many of them is your displaying “ the fruitage of the spirit . . . love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faith , mildness , self - control . ” Like oil that lubricates a machine , those godly qualities allow for a smooth peacemaking process .
Personality ​ — the unique set of traits that each of us has and that varies from one person to another — ​ can make for rich friendships .
Differences in personality can also lead to conflicts .
An experienced elder gives this example : “ Someone who is shy can have a difficult time being around an outgoing , backslapping person .
That difference may seem unimportant ; yet , it can lead to serious problems . ”
Do you feel , however , that people who have distinctly different personalities are bound to have problems ?
Well , consider two of the apostles .
What was Peter like ?
You may think of him as outspoken and impulsive .
What of John ?
We may think of him as loving and usually measured in his speech and actions .
There may be some basis for such ideas about those two apostles .
It seems that they differed in personality .
Still , they worked well together .
Accordingly , it is possible for Christians with quite different personalities to work together today .
Perhaps there is in your congregation a brother whose speech and actions irritate you .
Still , you realize that Christ died for that person and you are to show love .
So rather than write off any friendship with that one or tend to avoid him , ask yourself : ‘ Is my brother doing something that is clearly wrong Scripturally ?
Is he maliciously trying to cause me discomfort ?
Or do we just have different personalities ? ’
Also , of great importance is the question : ‘ Which of his good qualities can I benefit from ? ’
That last question is key .
If the person is a talker and you are quiet , think of the ease with which he starts conversations in the ministry .
You might offer to work with the person in the ministry and see what you can learn .
If he has often shown generosity to others , whereas you tend to be a bit tightfisted , why not note the joy that comes from giving to the elderly , the sick , or the needy ?
The point is , even though you have different personalities , you and your brother may be able to draw closer by focusing on the positive .
Your doing so may not turn you into close companions , but it can help to draw you together and increase peace ​ — in you and in the congregation as a whole .
Euodia and Syntyche may have had distinctly different ways or personalities .
Yet , the apostle Paul encouraged them “ to be of the same mind in the Lord . ”
Will you similarly work toward that goal and the related goal of peace ?
Like weeds growing wild in a flower garden , bad feelings toward others will likely get worse unless we strive to uproot them .
Once bitterness overpowers a person’s heart , it can even impact the spirit of the congregation .
If we love Jehovah and our brothers , we will do all we can to keep personal differences from disturbing or diminishing the peace of God’s people .
If you humble yourself and strive to make peace , you may obtain excellent results
When we address conflicts or differences with the goal of making peace , we may be surprised at the excellent results .
Consider the experience of one Witness : “ I felt that one sister was treating me as if I were a child .
It really bothered me .
As my irritation grew , I started being curt with her .
I thought , ‘ She does not show me the respect I deserve , so I am not going to show her respect . ’ ”
This Witness then began to think about her own actions .
“ I began seeing my own personality flaws , and I was very disappointed in myself .
I realized that I had to adjust my thinking .
After praying to Jehovah about the matter , I bought the sister a small gift and wrote her a card to apologize for my bad attitude .
We hugged each other and agreed to put the matter behind us .
We have not had any more problems . ”
People desperately need peace .
However , when they face threats to their position and pride , many start acting in a way that is not peaceable .
That is true of many who do not worship Jehovah , but among his name worshippers , peace and unity should prevail .
He inspired Paul to write : “ I . . . appeal to you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called , with all humility and mildness , with patience , putting up with one another in love , earnestly endeavoring to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace . ”
That “ uniting bond of peace ” is priceless .
Let us strengthen it and be determined to resolve any differences that may surface among us .
To say that the man had intense emotions is an understatement .
Before he became a Christian , Paul was “ breathing threat and murder against the disciples of the Lord . ”
In time , he described his former feelings toward Christ’s followers : “ I was extremely furious with them . ” ​ — Acts 26 : 11 .
Paul made major changes after his baptism , but notoriety followed him .
Some time after he became a Christian , the brothers in Jerusalem “ were all afraid of him , because they did not believe he was a disciple . ” ​ — Acts 9 : 26 .
The congregation might have continued to be wary of Paul were it not for a Christian from Cyprus named Joseph .
His loving manner was well - known , and the brothers gave him the descriptive name “ Barnabas ” ​ — “ Son of Comfort . ”
Those taking the lead respected him , and he helped Paul .
We read : “ Barnabas came to his aid and led him to the apostles , and he told them in detail how on the road he had seen the Lord , . . . and how in Damascus he had spoken boldly in the name of Jesus . ”
On hearing Barnabas ’ testimony , the Jerusalem congregation accepted Paul .
Soon , those two men began serving together as missionaries . ​ — Acts 13 : 2 , 3 .
Barnabas must have seen good in Paul’s intense drive and direct approach .
On the other hand , Paul certainly would have appreciated Barnabas ’ kindness and compassion .
The Bible does mention that at one point they had “ a sharp burst of anger . ”
Why ?
The account does not suggest that it was the result of a personality conflict .
Rather , it reflected their differing opinions of John Mark’s qualifications for missionary service . ​ — Acts 15 : 36 - 40 .
Despite the different personalities of Paul and Barnabas , they had been able to serve together before that event .

And we read that Paul and Mark later worked together again .
Thus , different personalities need not produce conflict ​ — not then , not today .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Greek families in the Athens area practice Kingdom songs during a Christian gathering
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THE above words were spoken by David of ancient Israel in praise of a woman whom he encountered .
Her name was Abigail .
What prompted David to praise her , and how can we benefit from her example ?
David met this married woman at a time when he was fleeing from King Saul .
Abigail was married to Nabal , a wealthy man who pastured his large flocks in the mountainous region of southern Judah .
David and his men had been “ like a protective wall ” for Nabal’s shepherds and flocks .
David later sent messengers to Nabal , asking for ‘ whatever he could spare ’ in the way of food supplies .
That was hardly an unreasonable request , considering how David and his men had protected Nabal’s interests .
But Nabal , whose name means “ Senseless ” or “ Stupid , ” lived up to his name .
He replied in a harsh and insulting way , denying David’s request .
So David prepared to punish Nabal for his offensive and unreasonable response . Nabal and his household would pay for his stupidity . ​ — 1 Sam .
25 : 2 - 13 , 21 , 22 .
Discerning the grave consequences of the hasty action being planned , Abigail courageously intervened .
She respectfully appealed to David on the basis of his relationship with Jehovah .
And she provided ample food supplies to David , who would be the next king , and to his men .
David , in turn , acknowledged that Jehovah had used her to restrain him from doing what would have made him guilty before God .
David said to Abigail : “ Blessed be your good sense ! May you be blessed for restraining me this day from incurring bloodguilt . ” ​ — 1 Sam .
25 : 18 , 19 , 23 - 35 .
We can easily see that we would never want to be like Nabal , unappreciative of good things done for us .
In addition , when we see a bad situation developing , we do well to do what we can to defuse it .
Yes , we can echo the sentiment of the psalmist who told God : “ Teach me good sense and knowledge . ” ​ — Ps . 119 : 66 .
Others may note the wisdom , or good sense , in our actions .
Whether they verbalize it or not , they may feel like David , who said : “ Blessed be your good sense ! ”
“ May people know that you , whose name is Jehovah , you alone are the Most High over all the earth . ” ​ — PS .
83 : 18 .
SONGS : 9 , 22
Why is the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty an important issue facing mankind ?
How did Job’s integrity under trial support Jehovah’s sovereignty ; yet , in what way did Job fall short ?
What are some important ways that we show support for Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What big issue faces all mankind ?
( b ) How important is appreciation for that issue ?
FOR many people today , money is the big issue .
They are focused on accumulating wealth or on holding on to what they have .
Others consider their big issue to be family , health , or personal accomplishments .
However , a very big issue facing all of us is the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
We need to guard against losing sight of this vital issue .
How could that happen ?
We could become so absorbed in the demands of our day - to - day life that we forget just how important the vindication of God’s sovereignty really is .
Or we could allow the weight of our personal trials to eclipse that great issue .
On the other hand , the keener our appreciation for the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty , the better equipped we are to meet challenges in our daily lives .
And such appreciation will draw us closer to Jehovah .
What are Satan’s claims with regard to God’s rulership ?
The action of Satan the Devil has raised the question of the rightfulness of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
He contends that God’s rulership is corrupt and that Jehovah withholds the best from his creatures .
According to the Devil , humans would be far happier and better off ruling themselves .
Satan has also implied that no human at heart is loyal to God ​ — that under sufficient pressure , anyone will reject Jehovah’s rulership .
In connection with the Devil’s challenge , Jehovah is allowing time for human experience to reveal the unsavory truth about life outside of God’s righteous rule .
Why must the issue of sovereignty be settled ?
Of course , Jehovah knows that the Devil’s allegations are false .
So why has God chosen to allow the issue to go on , giving Satan time to try to prove his point ?
The answer involves all intelligent creatures .
( Read Psalm 83 : 18 . )
After all , the first human couple rejected Jehovah’s rulership , and so have many others since then . This could lead some to wonder whether there might be validity to the Devil’s claim .
As long as the question remains unsettled in the minds of humans or angels , discord among nations , races , tribes , families , and individuals will exist .
But after Jehovah’s sovereignty is vindicated , all will submit everlastingly to his righteous rule .
Universal peace will be restored . ​ — Eph .
1 : 9 , 10 .
What is our role in supporting Jehovah’s side of the issue of sovereignty ?
The rightfulness of God’s sovereignty will be vindicated and rule by Satan and humans will utterly fail and be removed .
Rule by God through his Messianic Kingdom will succeed , and integrity - keepers will have proved that humans can take their stand for God’s rulership .
Do you want to be among those who go on record as integrity - keeping supporters of Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
No doubt you do .
To be integrity - keepers , we need to fix our eyes on that big issue and comprehend how important it really is .
How important is the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
As stated , the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty is a vital issue involving mankind .
It is more important than the personal happiness of any individual .
Does that fact undermine the value of our salvation or imply that Jehovah does not really care for us ?
Not at all .
Why not ?
7 , 8 .
Why does the vindication of God’s sovereignty include the fulfillment of his promises ?
Jehovah deeply loves and values mankind .
He was willing to use the blood of his Son to make possible our eternal salvation .
Were Jehovah to fail to fulfill his promises , the Devil would have an excuse to call God a liar who withholds good and thus rules in an unfair way .
It would also vindicate opposers who mockingly ask : “ Where is this promised presence of his ?
Why , from the day our forefathers fell asleep in death , all things are continuing exactly as they were from creation’s beginning . ”
Hence , Jehovah will see to it that the vindication of his sovereignty includes the salvation of obedient humans !
( Read Isaiah 55 : 10 , 11 . )
Furthermore , Jehovah’s love characterizes his sovereignty .
So we can be sure that he will always love , value , and appreciate his loyal servants . ​ — Ex .
34 : 6 .

In acknowledging the importance of Jehovah’s sovereignty , we are not belittling our salvation or our worth in his eyes .
We are merely keeping sovereignty and salvation in proper perspective .
That correct perspective is important if we are to keep our eyes on this big issue and take our stand for Jehovah’s righteous rule .
What was Satan’s claim with regard to Job ?
( See opening picture . )
The need for proper perspective is made quite clear in the book of Job , one of the earliest Bible books to be written .
There we learn of Satan’s contention that if subjected to intense suffering , Job would reject God .
Satan suggested that God personally afflict Job .
Jehovah did not do that , but he allowed Satan to test Job , stating : “ Everything that he has is in your hand . ”
( Read Job 1 : 7 - 12 . )
In a short time , Job lost his servants , his means of livelihood , and his ten beloved children .
Satan accomplished this in a way that made it appear as if God himself had been the cause of Job’s troubles .
Satan next afflicted Job with a painful and repulsive illness .
His despair was deepened further by the disheartening words of his wife and of three companions who acted as if they were his friends . ​ — Job 2 : 9 ; 3 : 11 ; 16 : 2 .
( a ) What did Job do that showed his integrity to God ?
( b ) In what way did he fall short ?
The result ?
Satan’s claim was shown to be completely false . Job refused to turn his back on God .
However , Job temporarily lost the proper perspective .
He became absorbed in establishing his own righteousness , even demanding a reason for his suffering .
We might think that would be understandable in the light of all that he had suffered .
Yet , God saw the need to correct Job’s thinking .
What did Jehovah tell him ?
11 , 12 .
What did Jehovah help Job to appreciate , and how did Job respond ?
God’s words to Job fill four chapters in the book of Job ​ — chapters 38 through 41 .
Nowhere do we read of God’s telling Job specifically the reason behind his suffering . The main point of Jehovah’s words was not to explain to Job why he was suffering , as if God had to justify himself .
Rather , Jehovah wanted to help Job recognize his insignificance in comparison with God’s greatness .
And he helped Job to see that there were greater issues with which to be concerned .
( Read Job 38 : 18 - 21 . )
This helped Job regain the proper perspective .
Was Jehovah harsh in giving such straightforward counsel after Job had endured so severe a trial ?
God was not , and Job did not think so .
Despite his ordeal , Job finally began to speak appreciatively .
He even stated : “ I take back what I said , and I repent in dust and ashes . ”
Such was the effect of Jehovah’s pointed but refreshing counsel .
Earlier , Job had also received corrective counsel from young Elihu .
After Job responded to God’s reproof and corrected his view , Jehovah expressed to others his approval of Job’s faithfulness under trial . ​ — Job 42 : 7 , 8 .
How would Jehovah’s counsel benefit Job long after his trials ?
Jehovah’s counsel would continue to benefit Job even after his trials were over .
How so ?
Well , though “ Jehovah blessed the last part of Job’s life more than the beginning , ” restoration and recovery must have taken time .
He later “ came to have seven more sons and three more daughters . ”
Surely Job missed his children who died earlier at Satan’s hand .
For some time , he likely experienced vivid memories of his suffering .
Even if he eventually better understood the reason for his trials , he may on occasion have thought about why it was necessary for him to suffer to such an extent .
Whatever his thoughts , he could reflect on God’s counsel .
Doing so would help him maintain the proper perspective and , in turn , provide comfort . ​ — Ps . 94 : 19 , ftn .
Can we look past our own problems and see the real issue ?
( See paragraph 14 )
What can we learn from Job’s experience ?
We too can acquire proper perspective and gain comfort from the account of Job .
After all , Jehovah had it preserved “ for our instruction , so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope . ”
What is the lesson for us ?
Primarily this : Let us not become so absorbed in our own lives that we lose sight of this big issue ​ — the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
And let us appreciate that our role in this vital issue entails remaining faithful even under difficult circumstances , as did Job .
What does our faithfulness under trial accomplish ?
Why is it comforting to reflect on the value of our faithfulness ?
Because it means that our trials serve a purpose .
Far from indicating Jehovah’s displeasure , they provide for us a means to show that we support God’s sovereignty .
Our endurance produces “ an approved condition ” and strengthens our hope .
( Read Romans 5 : 3 - 5 . )
The record of Job bears out that “ Jehovah is very tender in affection and merciful . ”
So we can be sure that he will reward us and all who uphold his sovereignty .
Knowing this helps us “ endure fully with patience and joy . ” ​ — Col .
1 : 11 .
Why must we remind ourselves of the importance of the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
Granted , keeping our eyes on the vindication of Jehovah’s sovereignty can be challenging .
Our problems may seem to overwhelm us at times .
Even relatively minor ones can loom large in our mind if we dwell on them .
Therefore , we do well to remind ourselves regularly of the importance of supporting God’s sovereignty when we face difficult circumstances .
How can having a regular share in Jehovah’s work help us remain focused on the big issue ?
Continuing to have a regular share in Jehovah’s work can help us to stay focused on the big issue .
For example , a Witness named Renee suffered a stroke and struggled with chronic pain and cancer .
While being treated at medical facilities , she witnessed to hospital staff , patients , and visitors .
At one facility , she spent 80 hours witnessing in just two and a half weeks .
Even as she approached death , Renee never lost sight of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
That , in turn , mitigated some of her distress .
How did one sister’s experience illustrate the benefit of upholding Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
Of course , we want to stay focused on Jehovah’s sovereignty also in the face of day - to - day pressures and inconveniences .
Jennifer spent three days at an airport waiting for a flight home .
One flight after another got canceled .
Feeling alone and exhausted , she could easily have surrendered to self - pity .
Instead , she prayed to see how she might be of spiritual help to others experiencing similar frustration .
With what result ?
She witnessed to many people and placed much literature .
She says , “ I felt that Jehovah blessed me despite the trying experience and gave me enough strength to carry his name in a worthwhile way . ”
Indeed , she stayed focused on Jehovah’s purpose .
Where do Jehovah’s people stand regarding his sovereignty ?
Appreciation for Jehovah’s sovereignty has distinguished true religion from false .
God’s people have long upheld his sovereignty .
As supporters of true worship , we individually should endeavor to maintain that same Scriptural perspective .
How does Jehovah feel about your efforts to uphold his sovereignty ?
Be assured that Jehovah treasures your efforts to uphold his sovereignty by your faithful service and endurance of trials .

The next article will consider further why Jehovah’s sovereignty is deserving of your wholehearted support and how you can uphold it .
“ You are worthy , Jehovah our God , to receive the glory and the honor and the power , because you created all things . ” ​ — REV .
4 : 11 .
SONGS : 12 , 150
Why is Jehovah the rightful Sovereign of the universe ?
Why is Jehovah’s rulership the best possible ?
How can we uphold Jehovah’s sovereignty now ?
1 , 2 .
Of what must each of us be convinced ?
( See opening picture . )
AS DISCUSSED in the preceding article , the Devil contends that Jehovah exercises his sovereignty in an unworthy way and that mankind would be better off ruling themselves .
Is Satan right ?
Suppose that humans who chose self - rule could live forever . Would they be better off without God’s rulership ?
Would you be happier if you had absolute independence and everlasting life ?
No one can answer those questions for you .
Each person should think the matter through .
In doing so , it should become evident that God’s sovereignty is right .
It is the best rulership . And it deserves our wholehearted support .
The Bible provides a basis for such conviction .
Consider , for example , what the Scriptures tell us about the rightfulness of Jehovah’s sovereignty .
Why is Jehovah the only rightful Sovereign ?
Jehovah is the rightful Sovereign of the universe because he is the almighty God and Creator .
At Revelation 4 : 11 , Christ’s 144,000 heavenly corulers are depicted in a vision , saying : “ You are worthy , Jehovah our God , to receive the glory and the honor and the power , because you created all things , and because of your will they came into existence and were created . ”
Yes , because Jehovah created all things , he has full right to rule over humans as well as spirit creatures .
Why is opposing God’s sovereignty a misuse of free will ?
Satan has created nothing .
Consequently , he has no rightful claim to universal rulership .
In rebelling against Jehovah’s sovereignty , he and the first human couple acted arrogantly .
True , as creatures with free will , they could choose independence from God .
But did that give them the right to do so ?
No .
Free will enables people to make many appropriate choices daily .
However , it does not entitle them to rebel against their Creator and Life - Giver .
Clearly , taking a stand against Jehovah is a misuse of free will .
As humans , our place is under Jehovah’s righteous rule .
Why can we be sure that God’s decisions are just ?
Jehovah is the rightful Sovereign for yet another reason .
He exercises his authority with perfect justice .
He declares : “ I am Jehovah , the One showing loyal love , justice , and righteousness in the earth , for in these things I take delight . ”
He does not look to any written code of laws made by imperfect men as a basis for determining what is just and fair .
His perfect sense of justice emanates from his own being , and on that basis , he provided written laws for humans .
“ Righteousness and justice are the foundation of [ his ] throne , ” so we can be confident that all of his laws , principles , and decisions are righteous .
In contrast , despite his allegation that Jehovah’s sovereignty is deficient , Satan has been unable to produce a world wherein justice always prevails .
What is one reason why Jehovah has the right to govern the world ?
Moreover , Jehovah is the rightful Sovereign because he has the knowledge and wisdom needed to care for the universe .
Consider , for example , the fact that God enabled his Son to heal diseases that doctors could not cure .
From Jehovah’s standpoint , this was no miracle .
He understands the processes involved and has the ability to undo any damage .
The same is true with regard to his ability to raise the dead and prevent natural disasters .
How is Jehovah’s wisdom far superior to that of the world under Satan’s dominion ?
The world under Satan’s influence is still searching for a way to settle national and international disputes . Jehovah alone has the wisdom to bring about world peace .
As we learn of Jehovah’s knowledge and wisdom , we feel as did the apostle Paul , who wrote under inspiration : “ O the depth of God’s riches and wisdom and knowledge ! How unsearchable his judgments are and beyond tracing out his ways are ! ” ​ — Rom .
11 : 33 .
What touches your heart about Jehovah’s way of ruling ?
The Bible does more than establish Jehovah’s right to rule .
It shows why his sovereignty is superior to that of others .
One reason is that he rules with love .
Indeed , our hearts are touched by how he chooses to exercise his sovereignty .
He is “ merciful and compassionate , slow to anger and abundant in loyal love and truth . ”
God treats his human servants with dignity and respect .
He cares for us better than we can care for ourselves .
Contrary to what the Devil claims , Jehovah does not hold back anything good from his faithful worshippers .
Why , he even gave his precious Son so that we could have the prospect of endless life ! ​ — Read Psalm 84 : 11 ; Romans 8 : 32 .
How do we know that God’s concern extends to individuals ?
Jehovah’s concern extends beyond the welfare of his people as a whole .
He also shows keen interest in each individual .
Consider , for example , the three centuries during which Jehovah was raising up and empowering judges to deliver the nation of Israel from their oppressors .
During that turbulent period , he did not fail to notice one non - Israelite named Ruth .
At considerable sacrifice , she converted to true worship .
Jehovah blessed Ruth with a husband and a son .
But that is not all .
When she is resurrected , Ruth will learn that her son was part of the line that led to the Messiah .
And imagine how moved she will be to discover that her life story was preserved in a Bible book bearing her name ! ​ — Ruth 4 : 13 ; Matt .
1 : 5 , 16 .
Why is Jehovah’s sovereignty not unduly restrictive ?
Jehovah’s way of ruling is neither oppressive nor rigid .
It allows for freedom and promotes joy .
David expressed it this way : “ In his [ God’s ] presence are majesty and splendor ; strength and joy are in his dwelling place . ” Similarly , the psalmist Ethan wrote : “ Happy are the people who know the joyful shouting .
O Jehovah , they walk in the light of your face . They rejoice in your name all day long , and in your righteousness they are exalted . ” ​ — Ps . 89 : 15 , 16 .
How can we strengthen our conviction that Jehovah’s sovereignty is best ?
Frequent meditation on Jehovah’s goodness can strengthen our conviction that his rulership is best .
We come to feel as did the psalmist : “ A day in your courtyards is better than a thousand anywhere else ! ” How could it be otherwise ?
As our loving Designer and Creator , Jehovah knows what we need in order to be truly happy , and he fills that need abundantly . Whatever he requires of us is for our benefit and ultimately results in our greatest joy .
That is so even if his requirements involve our making some sacrifices . ​ — Read Isaiah 48 : 17 .
What is our primary motive for upholding Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
The Bible indicates that after the Thousand Year Reign of Christ , some people will choose to rebel against Jehovah’s sovereignty .
What might induce them to do such a thing ?
The Devil , released from imprisonment and intent on misleading mankind , will no doubt appeal to selfishness .
He has always done that . He may attempt to convince people that there is a way to live forever without obeying Jehovah .
Of course , that could never be true .
But more to the point : Will such a false claim hold any appeal for us ?
If we love Jehovah and serve him because of his goodness and because of his being the rightful Sovereign of the universe , then such a devilish claim will be repulsive .
We will never desire life other than life under Jehovah’s rightful and loving sovereignty .
How does imitating God show support for him ?
Surely Jehovah’s sovereignty merits our wholehearted support .
As we have seen , he has the right to rule , and his way of ruling is the best .
We can uphold Jehovah’s sovereignty by maintaining our integrity and by serving God faithfully .
How else can we show our support ?
We can do so by doing things Jehovah’s way .
When we handle matters as Jehovah would , we show that we love and uphold his way of ruling . ​ — Read Ephesians 5 : 1 , 2 .
How can elders and family heads imitate Jehovah ?
We learn from our study of the Bible that Jehovah exercises authority in a loving manner .
In harmony with that , family heads and elders who love his sovereignty will not be demanding , as if exercising a small sovereignty of their own .
Instead , they will imitate Jehovah .
Paul was just such an imitator of God and his Son .
Paul did not embarrass others or pressure them into taking a desired course of action .
Rather , he appealed to them .
That is Jehovah’s way of handling matters .
Thus , that should be the way of all who love and uphold his way of ruling .
How does respect for theocratic headship reveal our love for Jehovah’s way of ruling ?
What is our response to divinely authorized headship ?
By our respectful cooperation , we show our support for Jehovah’s sovereignty .
Even if we do not fully understand or agree with a decision , we will still want to support theocratic order .
That is quite different from the way of the world , but it is the way of life under Jehovah’s rulership .
We benefit from doing so , for God has our interests at heart .
How do supporters of God’s sovereignty make personal decisions ?
We can also show our support of God’s sovereignty by our personal decisions .
It is not Jehovah’s way to provide a specific command for every situation .
Instead , in guiding us he reveals his thinking .
For example , he does not provide a detailed dress code for Christians .
Rather , he reveals his desire that we select styles of dress and grooming that show modesty and that befit Christian ministers .
He is also concerned that we do not stumble others or disturb them by our decisions .
When we guide our steps , not solely by preference , but primarily by Jehovah’s thinking and concerns , we show that we love and support his way of ruling .
Uphold God’s sovereignty in making decisions and in family activities ( See paragraphs 16 - 18 )
17 , 18 .
What are some ways in which married couples can show that they uphold Jehovah’s sovereignty ?
Consider an area wherein Christian married couples can support Jehovah’s ways and thereby uphold his sovereignty .
What if married life proves to be more challenging than expected ? Suppose that it even seems disappointing .
Why not pause to reflect on Jehovah’s dealings with Israel .
He referred to himself as being like a husband to that ancient nation .
What a difficult “ marriage ” that proved to be !
Yet , Jehovah was not quick to give up on it .
He repeatedly showed mercy toward the nation and loyalty to his covenant with them .
( Read Psalm 106 : 43 - 45 . )
Are we not drawn to Jehovah by such loyal love ?
Accordingly , married couples who love Jehovah’s ways imitate him .
They do not seek an unscriptural way out of a difficult marriage .
They realize that Jehovah has yoked them together and that he wants them to “ stick ” to each other .
The only Scriptural ground for divorce that might free one to remarry is sexual immorality .
By making the best of their situation and even seeking to improve it , they uphold Jehovah’s righteous way of ruling .
If we fall short of upholding God’s sovereignty , what should we do ?
Being imperfect , we will on occasion do things that disappoint Jehovah .
He knows this and has lovingly made provision for us by means of Christ’s ransom .
Thus , when we fall short in some respect , we should ask Jehovah for forgiveness .
Rather than continually berate ourselves , we should endeavor to learn from the mistake .
If we stay close to Jehovah , he will forgive us and help us to heal and to handle similar situations successfully in the future . ​ — Ps .
103 : 3 .
Why show support for Jehovah’s sovereignty now ?
In the new world , all will come under Jehovah’s sovereignty and learn his righteous ways .
We , however , receive much of that education now .
And the settling of the issue of sovereignty is well under way .
Now is the time to uphold God’s sovereignty by our integrity , our service , and our earnest endeavors to imitate him in all we do .
ACCORDING to the account of Matthew’s Gospel , “ Jesus entered the temple and threw out all those selling and buying in the temple , and he overturned the tables of the money changers and the benches of those selling doves . And he said to them : ‘ It is written , “ My house will be called a house of prayer , ” but you are making it a cave of robbers . ’ ” ​ — Matt .
21 : 12 , 13 .
Jewish historical records show that temple merchants exploited their customers by charging exorbitant prices .
For example , the Mishnah ( Keritot 1 : 7 ) records an occasion in the first century C.E . when the price of a pair of sacrificial pigeons rose to a golden denar .
That was the equivalent of what an unskilled laborer might earn for 25 days ’ work .
Pigeons or doves were an acceptable sacrifice of the poor ; yet , the price even of these birds had become prohibitive .
Rabbi Simeon ben Gamaliel , outraged by this state of affairs , reduced the number of obligatory sacrifices , upon which the price of two pigeons immediately fell to a hundredth of the former price .
In light of the above , Jesus was justified in calling the temple merchants “ robbers ” on account of their exploitation and greed .
Have you carefully read the recent issues of The Watchtower ?
Well , see if you can answer the following questions :
When directions come from God’s organization , what attitude should brothers , such as circuit overseers and congregation elders , have ?
They should be quick to obey .
They can ask themselves : ‘ Do I contribute to the spirituality of those around me ?
Am I quick to accept and support the directions received ? ’ ​ — w16.11 , p .
11 . When did true Christians come into Babylonian captivity ?
This happened shortly after the apostles died .
At that time , a clergy class began to appear .
Church and State promoted apostate Christianity and tried to drown out the voice of wheatlike Christians .
But in the decades leading up to 1914 , anointed ones began to break free . ​ — w16.11 , pp . 23 - 25 .
Why was the work of Lefèvre d’Étaples significant ?
During the 1520 ’ s , Lefèvre translated the Bible into French to make it available to the common people .
His explanation of Bible passages influenced Martin Luther , William Tyndale , and John Calvin . ​ — wp16.6 , pp . 10 - 12 .
What is the difference between “ setting the mind on the flesh ” and “ setting the mind on the spirit ” ?
( Rom . 8 : 6 )
The one doing the former focuses on the desires and leanings of the imperfect flesh , constantly talking about and glorifying things of the flesh .
A person doing the latter centers his life on things related to God and his thoughts ; such a Christian is dominated by holy spirit .
The former leads to death , the latter to life and peace . ​ — w16.12 , pp . 15 - 17 .
What are some practical ways to reduce anxiety ?
Set appropriate priorities , have realistic expectations , daily make room for some quiet time , enjoy God’s creation , keep a sense of humor , and get regular exercise and enough sleep . ​ — w16.12 , pp . 22 - 23 .
“ Enoch was transferred so as not to see death . ”
( Heb .
11 : 5 ) How ?
It seems that God transferred Enoch gently from life to death without his being aware that he was dying . ​ — wp17.1 , pp . 12 - 13 .
Why is modesty still important ?
Modesty involves having a proper estimate of ourselves and an awareness of our limitations .
We need to be aware of how our behavior can affect others and not take ourselves too seriously . ​ — w17.01 , p . 18 .
What evidence is there that God directed the governing body in the first century just as he is directing those of the Governing Body today ?
With the help of holy spirit , they grasped Scriptural truths .
With angelic aid , they oversaw the preaching work , and they relied on God’s Word when providing guidance .
These factors are true today too . ​ — w17.02 , pp . 26 - 28 .
What factors move us to view the ransom as precious ?
Four factors are : Who gave it , why it was given , what sacrifice was involved , and what real need was filled .
We should meditate on how those factors were involved . ​ — wp17.2 , pp . 4 - 6 .
After deciding a matter , could a Christian change his mind ?
We should keep our word .
Yet , sometimes a decision deserves reconsideration . After the people repented , God changed his decision about Nineveh .
On occasion , new circumstances or information may require our doing similarly . ​ — w17.03 , pp .
16 - 17 .
Why is negative gossip so dangerous ?
It can cause a problem to get out of control , making the problem worse .
Whether we are right or wrong , engaging in hurtful speech will never improve matters . ​ — w17.04 , p . 21 .
DON , one of Jehovah’s Witnesses in Canada , makes a special effort to talk to people living on the street .
Regarding one of these individuals , Don relates : “ A homeless man named Peter was one of the dirtiest men I had ever seen in the back alleys .
He was obnoxious and had a knack for keeping people away from him .
He repeatedly rejected many acts of human kindness . ”
Still , off and on for more than 14 years , Don patiently worked to be kind to this homeless man .
One day , Peter asked Don : “ Why do you bother with me ?
Everyone else just leaves me alone .
Why do you care ? ”
Don tactfully used three scriptures in an effort to reach Peter’s heart .
First , he asked Peter if he knew that God has a personal name and asked him to read it directly from the Bible at Psalm 83 : 18 .
Next , to show why he cared , Don had Peter read Romans 10 : 13 , 14 , which explains that “ everyone who calls on the name of Jehovah will be saved . ”
Finally , Don read Matthew 9 : 36 and then asked Peter to read it for himself .
That verse says : “ On seeing the crowds , [ Jesus ] felt pity for them , because they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd . ”
At that , with tears in his eyes , Peter asked : “ Am I one of these sheep ? ”
Peter began to change .
He bathed , neatly trimmed his beard , and put on the better clothes that Don offered him .
Peter continued to maintain a clean appearance .
Peter kept a diary .
The early sections of his journal were dark and gloomy , but his more recent entries were different .
One entry read : “ I learned God’s name today .
Now when I pray , I can pray to Jehovah .
It’s wonderful to know his name .

Don says that Jehovah can be my personal Friend , someone who always has time to listen to me , no matter when or what . ”
Peter’s last comments were addressed to his siblings .
He wrote :
“ I’m not feeling well today .
I think that age has caught up with me .
But even if this is my last day , I know that I will see my friend [ Don ] again in Paradise .
If you are reading this , I am no longer around .
But if you see a man at my funeral who does not seem to belong there , talk to him , and please read this little blue book [ referring to the Bible study aid “ The Truth That Leads to Eternal Life ” that he had received years before ] .
* It says that I will once again see my friend in Paradise .
I believe this with all my heart .
Your loving brother , Peter . ”
After the funeral , Peter’s sister Ummi explained : “ About two years ago , Peter contacted me .
For the first time in years , he seemed happy .
He even smiled . ”
She told Don : “ I will read the book because anything that could reach my brother must be something special . ”
Ummi also agreed to discuss the more recent book What Does the Bible Really Teach ?
with one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
We too can look beyond outward appearances , express genuine love , and be patient with people of all sorts .
As we do so , we may be able to move people who , like Peter , may not be attractive to human eyes but who have a good heart .
We can be sure that God , who “ sees into the heart , ” will make the truth grow in the hearts of rightly disposed ones . ​ — 1 Sam .
16 : 7 ; John 6 : 44 .
Published by Jehovah’s Witnesses but now out of print .
3 They Offered Themselves Willingly ​ — In Turkey
7 Seeking Riches That Are True
This article examines how we can use our material possessions to “ make friends ” in heaven .
It also discusses how we can avoid becoming enslaved to the greedy commercial world and how we can serve Jehovah as fully as possible .
12 “ Weep With Those Who Weep ”
How can a Christian deal with the shock of losing a loved one in death ?
Jehovah provides much - needed consolation by means of Jesus Christ , the Scriptures , and the Christian congregation .
This article will show us how to gain comfort , both for ourselves and for others who are grieving .
17 “ Praise Jah ! ” ​ — Why ?
Psalm 147 repeatedly encourages God’s people to praise Jehovah .
What was it about Jehovah that impressed the psalmist so much that he wanted God to be praised ?
This article explains , and it shows why we should have a like desire to praise our God .
22 “ May He . . . Give Success to All Your Plans ”
Many young brothers and sisters are zealously entering the full - time service .
Is that your desire ?
This article provides sound advice from the Scriptures that will help you to plan a happy and successful future .
27 Winning the Battle for Your Mind
31 Questions From Readers
Alisa
FIRST - CENTURY Christians made great efforts to reach as many people as possible with the “ good news of the Kingdom . ”
Some even traveled to foreign countries .
For example , the apostle Paul went to the region where modern - day Turkey is situated and preached there extensively during his missionary journeys .
* Some 2,000 years later , in 2014 , Turkey was once again the focus of a special preaching campaign .
Why was the campaign organized ?
Who shared in it ?
There are over 2,800 publishers in Turkey , but the country has a population of 79 million .
This means that the publisher - to - population ratio in Turkey is nearly 1 to 28,000 .
As you can imagine , the publishers have been able to contact only a small number of the inhabitants of this country .
The aim of the special preaching campaign was to reach as many people as possible in a short time .
About 550 Turkish - speaking brothers and sisters from other countries traveled to Turkey and preached alongside the local publishers during the campaign .
What was achieved ?
A widespread witness was given .
One congregation in Istanbul wrote : “ When people saw us , they asked : ‘ Is there a special convention here ?
We see Jehovah’s Witnesses everywhere ! ’ ”
A congregation in the city of Izmir wrote : “ A man working at a taxi stand approached a local elder and asked , ‘ What’s going on ?
Have you increased your activity ? ’ ”
Yes , the campaign was noticed .
Steffen
The foreign participants thoroughly enjoyed the preaching work .
Steffen , who is from Denmark , said : “ Every day , I was able to preach to people who had never heard about Jehovah .
I felt that I was really making Jehovah’s name known . ”
Jean - David from France wrote : “ We preached on just one street for hours .
It was wonderful !
Most people didn’t know Jehovah’s Witnesses .
At almost every door , we were able to start a conversation , show one of our videos , and leave literature with the householder . ”
Jean - David ( center )
The 550 participants placed about 60,000 pieces of literature in just two weeks !
The campaign did indeed result in a widespread witness .
Zeal for the ministry increased .
The special activity had a motivating effect on the local brothers .
Many started thinking about full - time service .
In fact , the number of regular pioneers in Turkey increased by 24 percent during the 12 months following the campaign .
Şirin
Participants from abroad expressed how the campaign affected their ministry even after they returned to their home countries .
Şirin , a sister from Germany , wrote : “ The brothers in Turkey witness informally with great ease .
I am very shy when it comes to preaching informally .
But thanks to the special campaign , the example of the local brothers , and many prayers , I was able to do what I couldn’t do before .
I even preached and placed tracts in the subway !
Now I am not as shy as before . ”
Johannes
“ I learned some lessons for my own ministry , ” said Johannes from Germany .
“ The brothers in Turkey really want to share the truth with as many people as possible .
They give a witness at every opportunity .
I decided to do the same when I returned to Germany .
And now I really do preach to more people than before . ”
Zeynep
“ This campaign affected my personal ministry a lot .
It helped me to be more courageous and to trust more in Jehovah , ” commented Zeynep from France .
The publishers drew closer to one another .
The love and unity among the brothers from different countries made a lasting impression .
“ We ‘ tasted ’ the brothers ’ hospitality , ” said Jean - David , mentioned earlier .
He added : “ They accepted us as their friends and as part of their family .
They opened their homes to us .
I knew that we are an international brotherhood ; I had read it many times in our literature .
But this time , I experienced it firsthand .
I felt even more proud of being one of Jehovah’s people , and I thank him for this wonderful privilege . ”
Claire ( center )
“ Whether from Denmark , France , Germany , or Turkey , we were all one family .
It was as if God had rubbed out all the national borders with a big eraser , ” said Claire from France .
Stéphanie ( center )
Stéphanie from France added : “ The special campaign taught us that what unites us is not the culture or language but the love for Jehovah that we have in common . ”
Many of the foreign participants began to think about moving to Turkey to help with the tremendous work still to be done there .
Quite a few have already moved .
These need - greaters are very much appreciated .
Take , for example , a small isolated group of 25 publishers in one area .
For many years , there was only one elder .
Imagine the joy of the publishers when in 2015 , six need - greaters from Germany and the Netherlands moved in to support them !
What do need - greaters who have been in Turkey for a while say about their life there ?
Granted , at times it is challenging , but life as a need - greater is very rewarding .
Consider what some have said :
Federico
“ Not having many material possessions to be attached to helps me to feel free , and it allows me to concentrate on the most important things , ” says Federico , a married brother in his early 40 ’ s who moved from Spain .
Would he recommend this type of service ?
“ Yes , absolutely ! ”
he says . “ When you move abroad with the purpose of helping people to get to know Jehovah , you are in reality putting yourself in his hands .
You really feel Jehovah’s care more than ever . ”
Rudy
“ It gives us tremendous satisfaction to serve at the front line , so to speak , and to share the truth with so many people who have never heard about it before , ” says Rudy , a married brother in his late 50 ’ s from the Netherlands . “ Seeing the happiness of people when they accept the truth is a great source of joy . ”
Sascha
Sascha , a married brother in his early 40 ’ s who moved from Germany , says : “ Every time I am in the ministry , I meet people who are hearing the truth for the very first time .
Giving such ones the opportunity to get to know Jehovah gives me tremendous satisfaction . ”

Atsuko
Atsuko , a married sister in her mid - 30 ’ s from Japan , states : “ In the past , I always wanted Armageddon to come immediately .
But after having moved to Turkey , I thank Jehovah that he is still showing patience .
The more I see how Jehovah directs matters , the more I desire to draw closer to him . ”
Alisa , a sister in her early 30 ’ s from Russia , comments : “ Serving Jehovah in this kind of ministry has helped me to taste all his goodness . ”
She adds : “ Jehovah is not only my Father but also my close Friend , whom I get to know better under different circumstances .

My life is full of happy moments , exciting experiences , and generous blessings ! ”
By means of the special preaching campaign in Turkey , the good news reached many more people .
Yet , there is still a vast untouched territory .
Every day , need - greaters who moved to Turkey meet people who have never heard about Jehovah .
Would you like to serve in such a territory ?
If so , we encourage you : “ Lift up your eyes and view the fields , that they are white for harvesting . ”
Could you assist in a part of the world where the fields are “ white for harvesting ” ?
If so , begin taking practical steps now toward reaching that goal .
One thing is sure : Having an increased share in spreading the good news “ to the most distant part of the earth ” will bring you rich blessings beyond compare ! ​ — Acts 1 : 8 .
See the brochure “ See the Good Land , ” pp . 32 - 33 .
“ Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches . ” ​ — LUKE 16 : 9 .
SONGS : 122 , 129
How can material possessions be used to strengthen our friendship with God ?
How can we avoid becoming slaves of today’s commercial world ?
Why are you determined to seek spiritual riches ?
1 , 2 .
In this system of things , why will there always be some poor people ?
TODAY’S economic system is harsh and unfair .
Young people search in vain for employment .
Many risk their lives to move to more prosperous lands .
Poverty is widespread , even in affluent lands .
And the gap between rich and poor is widening .
According to recent estimates , the richest 1 percent of the earth’s population have as much wealth as the rest of its inhabitants combined .
While such a figure is difficult to confirm , no one disputes that billions of people are desperately poor , while others have enough wealth to last for many lifetimes .
Jesus recognized this harsh reality with the words : “ You always have the poor with you . ”
Why such inequality ?
Jesus understood that the current economic system would not change until God’s Kingdom comes .
Along with the political and religious elements , the greedy commercial system , represented by “ the merchants ” of Revelation 18 : 3 , constitutes part of Satan’s world .
Unlike the complete separation that God’s people maintain from politics and false religion , most cannot separate themselves completely from the commercial part of Satan’s world .
What questions will we consider ?
As Christians , we do well to examine our view of today’s commercial system by asking ourselves such questions as these : ‘ How can I use my material possessions to show faithfulness to God ?
How can I minimize involvement with the commercial world ?
What experiences show that God’s people fully trust in him in this challenging environment ? ’
4 , 5 . ( a ) In what situation did the steward of Jesus ’ illustration find himself ?
( b ) What admonition did Jesus give his followers ?
Read Luke 16 : 1 - 9 .
Jesus ’ illustration of the unrighteous steward is thought - provoking .
After being accused of wastefulness , the steward acted with “ practical wisdom ” to “ make friends ” to help him when he lost his stewardship .
* Jesus , of course , was not encouraging his disciples to act in an unrighteous way in order to survive in this world .
He labeled such behavior as that of “ the sons of this system of things , ” but he used the illustration to drive home a point .
Jesus knew that like the steward who found himself in a difficult situation , most of Jesus ’ followers would need to make a living in this unjust commercial world .
So he urges them : “ Make friends for yourselves by means of the unrighteous riches , so that when such fail , they [ Jehovah and Jesus ] may receive you into the everlasting dwelling places . ”
What can we learn from Jesus ’ counsel ?
How do we know that today’s commercial system was not part of God’s purpose ?
Although Jesus does not explain why he calls riches “ unrighteous , ” the Bible makes clear that commercialism was not part of God’s purpose .
Jehovah provided abundantly for Adam and Eve’s needs in Eden .
Later , when holy spirit operated on the first - century congregation of anointed ones , “ not even one of them would say that any of the things he possessed was his own , but they had all things in common . ”
The prophet Isaiah pointed to the time when all humans would freely enjoy earth’s material resources .
But in the meantime , Jesus ’ followers would need “ practical wisdom ” to make a living , using the “ unrighteous riches ” of today’s world while seeking to please God .
What counsel is found at Luke 16 : 10 - 13 ?
Read Luke 16 : 10 - 13 .
The steward in Jesus ’ illustration made friends for personal benefit .
However , Jesus urged his followers to make friends in heaven for unselfish purposes .
The verses that follow the illustration connect the use of “ unrighteous riches ” with faithfulness to God .
Jesus ’ point was that we can ‘ prove ourselves faithful ’ with , or control , those riches once we obtain them .
How so ?
8 , 9 .
Give examples of how some are showing faithfulness in their use of unrighteous riches .
An obvious way to prove ourselves faithful with our material things is by contributing financially to the worldwide preaching work that Jesus foretold would take place .
A young girl in India kept a small money box and gradually added coins , even giving up toys to do so .
When the box was full , she handed the money over to be used for the preaching work .
A brother in India who has a coconut farm contributed a large number of coconuts to the Malayalam remote translation office , reasoning that since the office needs to buy coconuts , his supplying them directly will help his contribution to go further than it would if he gave cash .
That is practical wisdom .
Likewise , brothers in Greece regularly contribute olive oil , cheese , and other foods for the Bethel family .
A brother from Sri Lanka , now living abroad , has made his property back home available for meetings and assemblies and for housing full - time servants .
It is a financial sacrifice for the brother but a great help to the local publishers of little means .
In a land where the work is restricted , brothers make their homes available for use as local Kingdom Halls , allowing many pioneers and others with limited funds to have a meeting place without a financial burden .
What are some blessings we receive when we give generously ?
The foregoing examples show how God’s people are “ faithful in what is least , ” that is , in their use of material wealth , which is inferior to spiritual riches .
How do these friends of Jehovah feel about making such sacrifices ?
They understand that being generous is a way to gain “ true ” riches .
A sister who contributes regularly to the Kingdom work tells of a blessing she has received : “ By being materially generous , I have experienced an unusual phenomenon within myself over the years .
I find that the more generous I am materially , the more generous my disposition toward others has become .
I am more generous in being forgiving , in being patient with others , and in being able to accept disappointments and counsel . ”
Many have learned that generosity is spiritually enriching . ​ — Ps . 112 : 5 ; Prov . 22 : 9 .
( a ) How does our freely giving show “ practical wisdom ” ?
( b ) What equalizing of finances is taking place among God’s people ?
( See opening picture . )
Using material assets to advance Kingdom interests shows “ practical wisdom ” in another way .
It allows us to take advantage of our circumstances to help others .
Those who have this world’s means but cannot share in the full - time ministry or move abroad have the satisfaction of knowing that their donated funds support the ministry of others .
Voluntary contributions help to supply literature and support the preaching work in territories where poverty abounds but where there is great spiritual growth .
For years , in such lands as Congo , Madagascar , and Rwanda , brothers often had to choose between having food for their families and having copies of the Bible , which sometimes cost the equivalent of a weekly or a monthly wage .

Now , by means of the contributions of many and “ an equalizing ” of finances , Jehovah’s organization has sponsored the translation and distribution of Bibles to each member of the family as well as to spiritually hungry Bible students .
( Read 2 Corinthians 8 : 13 - 15 . )
Thus , Jehovah’s friendship is being freely extended to both the givers and the receivers .
How did Abraham show that he trusted in God ?
Another way to gain friendship with Jehovah is by minimizing our involvement with the commercial world and using our circumstances to seek “ true ” riches .
Abraham , a man of faith in ancient times , obediently left prosperous Ur in order to live in tents and pursue his friendship with Jehovah .
He always looked to God as the Source of true wealth , never seeking material advantages that would indicate a lack of trust .
Jesus encouraged this sort of faith , telling a rich young man : “ If you want to be perfect , go sell your belongings and give to the poor , and you will have treasure in heaven ; and come be my follower . ”
That man lacked faith like that of Abraham , but others have shown implicit trust in God .
( a ) What admonition did Paul give to Timothy ?
( b ) How can we apply Paul’s counsel today ?
Timothy was a man of faith .
After calling Timothy “ a fine soldier of Christ Jesus , ” Paul told him : “ No man serving as a soldier involves himself in the commercial businesses of life , in order to gain the approval of the one who enrolled him as a soldier . ”
Jesus ’ followers today , including an army of over one million full - time ministers , apply Paul’s counsel to the extent that their circumstances allow .
Resisting the pressures of advertising and the world around them , they remember the principle : “ The borrower is a slave to the lender . ”
Satan would like nothing better than to have us spend all our time and energy as slaves to his commercial world .
Some decisions could keep us in financial bondage for years .
Huge home mortgages , lingering student loans , expensive car payments , even extravagant weddings can result in great financial pressure .
We demonstrate practical wisdom when we simplify our life and reduce debt and expenses , setting ourselves free to slave for God rather than for today’s commercial system . ​ — 1 Tim .
6 : 10 .
What kind of determination is needed ?
Give examples .
Keeping our life simple involves setting priorities .
One couple owned a thriving manufacturing business .
However , their desire to reenter the full - time ministry compelled them to sell the business , their boat , and other material items .
They then volunteered to help with the construction of world headquarters in Warwick , New York .
A special blessing for them has been to serve at Bethel with their daughter and son - in - law and , for some weeks , with the husband’s parents , who also worked on the Warwick project .
A pioneer sister in Colorado , U.S.A . , found part - time employment at a bank .
The staff was so pleased with her work that she was offered a full - time position at triple her salary .
However , since the job would diminish her focus on the ministry , she turned down this lucrative offer .
These are just a few examples of the countless sacrifices made by servants of Jehovah .
Such determination to put Kingdom interests first shows that we value God’s friendship and spiritual riches far more than what today’s commercial world can offer .
What riches bring the greatest satisfaction ?
Material wealth is not necessarily an indication of God’s blessing .
Jehovah blesses those who are “ rich in fine works . ”
( Read 1 Timothy 6 : 17 - 19 . )
For example , when Lucia * learned of the need for ministers in Albania , she moved there from Italy in 1993 with no means of support , trusting fully in Jehovah .
She mastered the Albanian language and has helped over 60 individuals to the point of dedication .
While the majority of God’s people do not preach in such fruitful territories , anything we do to help others find and stay on the road to life is something that we and they will treasure forever . ​ — Matt .
6 : 20 .
( a ) What lies ahead for today’s commercial system ?
( b ) How should what we know about the future affect our view of material wealth ?
Jesus said : “ When such [ unrighteous riches ] fail , ” not ‘ if they fail . ’
Bank and economic collapses that have occurred in these last days are insignificant when compared with what will happen on a world scale in the near future .
Satan’s entire system ​ — political , religious , and commercial — ​ is destined to fail .
The prophets Ezekiel and Zephaniah foretold that gold and silver , staples of the commercial world through the centuries , will become worthless .
How would we feel if we reached the end of our life in this world and realized that we had sacrificed true riches for a vast store of this world’s “ unrighteous riches ” ?
We could feel like a man who has worked all his life for a pile of money , only to learn that it is counterfeit .
Yes , such riches will ultimately fail , so do not lose the opportunity to use them to “ make friends ” in heaven .
Whatever we do to advance the interests of Jehovah’s Kingdom makes us spiritually rich .
17 , 18 .
What is in store for friends of God ?
When God’s Kingdom does come , rent and mortgages will cease , food will be free and plentiful , health - care costs will disappear .
Jehovah’s earthly family will enjoy the best that the earth has to offer .
Gold , silver , and gems will be for adornment , not for investment or hoarding .
High - quality materials of wood , stone , and metal will be freely available to build beautiful homes .
Friends will assist us for sheer satisfaction , not for money .
A new system of sharing earth’s bounties will be a way of life .
This is just part of the priceless inheritance for those who make friends in heaven .
The rejoicing of Jehovah’s earthly worshippers will know no bounds when they hear Jesus ’ words : “ Come , you who have been blessed by my Father , inherit the Kingdom prepared for you from the founding of the world . ” ​ — Matt .
25 : 34 .
Jesus does not indicate whether the accusation was valid .
The Greek word rendered “ accused ” at Luke 16 : 1 allows for the idea that the steward was slandered .
Jesus , though , focuses on the steward’s reaction , not on the reasons for the dismissal .
The life story of Lucia Moussanett appears in the June 22 , 2003 , issue of Awake ! , pp .
18 - 22 .
Our worldwide Bible educational work and humanitarian activities are supported by voluntary donations .
To donate online , go to jw.org and click the “ Make a Donation to Our Worldwide Work ” link near the bottom of any page .
“ Keep encouraging one another and building one another up . ” ​ — 1 THESS .
5 : 11 .
SONGS : 90 , 111
How does Jehovah provide consolation ?
Which scriptures can comfort the bereaved ?
How can the congregation provide comfort to those who are mourning ?
1 , 2 .
Why do we need to discuss how to provide consolation for the bereaved ?
( See opening picture . )
“ FOR almost a year after the death of our son , we felt deep and excruciating pain , ” said Susi .
Another Christian said that when his wife died suddenly , he experienced “ indescribable physical pain . ”
Sadly , countless others experience this kind of agony .
Many in the Christian congregation may not have expected their loved ones to die this side of Armageddon .
Whether you have personally lost a loved one in death or know someone who is bereaved , you may wonder , ‘ How can grieving ones be helped to deal with their heartache ? ’
Perhaps you have heard it said that time is a great healer .
However , does it really follow that time by itself will heal a broken heart ?
One widow observed , “ I have found it more accurate to say that it is what one does with one’s time that helps one to heal . ”
Yes , like a physical wound , the pain of an emotional wound may gradually ease over time if it is given tender care .
What , specifically , can help bereaved individuals heal their painful emotional wounds ?
3 , 4 .
Why can we be sure that Jehovah understands a grieving person’s need for comfort ?
Without a doubt , the primary source of consolation is our compassionate heavenly Father , Jehovah .
( Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 3 , 4 . )
Jehovah , the foremost example of empathy , assured his people : “ I myself am the One comforting you . ” ​ — Isa .
51 : 12 ; Ps . 119 : 50 , 52 , 76 .
Our Father of tender mercies has himself experienced the loss of loved ones , such as Abraham , Isaac , Jacob , Moses , and King David .
God’s Word assures us that Jehovah has eagerly anticipated ​ — has had an earnest longing for — ​ the time when he will bring them back to life .
They will be happy and in vibrant health .
Consider , too , that God’s dearly beloved Son ​ — “ the one he was especially fond of ” — ​ died an agonizing death .
Words cannot express the pain Jehovah must have suffered . ​ — John 5 : 20 ; 10 : 17 .
5 , 6 .
How can we be consoled by Jehovah ?
We can have unwavering confidence that Jehovah will act in our behalf .
We should therefore not hesitate to pour out our hearts to him in prayer concerning our personal grief .
How comforting it is to know that Jehovah understands our pain and provides the comfort that we so sorely need !
But how does he do so ?
One way God helps us is by means of “ the comfort of the holy spirit . ”
God’s active force is a very powerful source of comfort .
Jesus promised that the Father in heaven would eagerly “ give holy spirit to those asking him . ”
Susi , quoted earlier , says : “ There were so many times when we just dropped to our knees and implored Jehovah to comfort us .
Every single time , the peace of God truly guarded our hearts and minds . ” ​ — Read Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
7 , 8 .
Why can we be confident that Jesus will provide comfort ?
Jehovah’s tender empathy was perfectly expressed in the words and actions of his compassionate Son , Jesus , when he was on earth .
Jesus was sent to provide comfort for “ the brokenhearted ” and “ all who mourn . ”
Hence , he was characterized by deep compassion ​ — a sympathetic awareness of people’s suffering and a heartfelt desire to alleviate their suffering . ​ — Heb .
2 : 17 .
In his younger years , Jesus no doubt had to deal with the deaths of family members and acquaintances .
It seems likely that Joseph , his adoptive father , died when Jesus was still a relatively young man .
* Imagine how the tenderhearted Jesus , perhaps just in his teens or early 20 ’ s , had to deal with his own grief , as well as that of his mother , brothers , and sisters .
How did Jesus show empathy when Lazarus died ?
When Jesus embarked on his ministry , it was with a remarkable depth of insight and fellow feeling .
Take , for example , the time when his dear friend Lazarus died .
Even though Jesus knew that he was going to resurrect Lazarus , he felt the painful sting of sorrow that overwhelmed Mary and Martha .
He was so moved that a surge of strong empathetic feeling cut him to the heart and brought him to tears . ​ — John 11 : 33 - 36 .
Why can we be confident of Jesus ’ sympathy today ?
How can Jesus ’ expressions of sympathy and consolation help us today ?
The Scriptures reassure us that “ Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today , and forever . ”
Since “ the Chief Agent of life ” personally understands what it is like to feel grief , “ he is able to come to the aid of those who are being put to the test . ”
Therefore , we can be confident that Christ continues to be moved by the anguish of others , to understand their grief , and to provide them consolation “ at the right time . ” ​ — Read Hebrews 4 : 15 , 16 .
Which scriptures do you find particularly comforting ?
The account about Jesus ’ intense grief at the time of Lazarus ’ death is just one of countless consoling scriptures found in God’s comforting Word .
And no wonder , “ for all the things that were written beforehand were written for our instruction , so that through our endurance and through the comfort from the Scriptures we might have hope . ”
If you are grieving , you too can find soothing comfort from such scriptures as the following :
“ Jehovah is close to the brokenhearted ; he saves those who are crushed in spirit . ” ​ — Ps . 34 : 18 , 19 .
“ When anxieties overwhelmed me , you [ Jehovah ] comforted and soothed me . ” ​ — Ps . 94 : 19 .
“ May our Lord Jesus Christ himself and God our Father , who loved us and gave everlasting comfort and good hope by means of undeserved kindness , comfort your hearts and make you firm . ” ​ — 2 Thess .
2 : 16 , 17 .
*
What is one important way in which we can be a source of comfort to others ?
Another source of comfort to grieving ones is the Christian congregation .
( Read 1 Thessalonians 5 : 11 . )
How can you strengthen and console those who have “ a crushed spirit ” ?
Bear in mind that there is “ a time to be silent and a time to speak . ”
A widow named Dalene explains : “ Bereaved ones need to express their thoughts and feelings .
Therefore , the most important thing you can do for a bereaved person is to listen ​ — without interrupting . ”
Junia , whose brother took his own life , adds : “ Even though you may not be able to grasp their grief completely , what counts is that you want to understand how they feel . ”
What do we need to remember about grief ?
Remember , too , that not everyone experiences and expresses grief in the same way .
At times , only a person’s own heart grasps the full depth of the emotional pain , and it may be difficult for him to voice his innermost feelings .
God’s Word states : “ The heart knows its own bitterness , and no outsider can share in its joy . ”
Even when someone does express how he feels , it is not always easy for others to understand what he is trying to say .
How can we provide words of comfort to the bereaved ?
Understandably , then , it can be difficult to know what to say to someone who is overwhelmed by grief .
Nevertheless , the Bible states that “ the tongue of the wise is a healing . ”
Many have found comforting thoughts to share from the brochure When Someone You Love Dies .
* Often , though , the most helpful thing you can do is to “ weep with those who weep . ”
“ Tears have become the language of my heart , ” admits Gaby , whose husband died .
“ That is why I get some comfort when friends cry with me .
At that moment , I don’t feel quite so alone in my grief . ”
How might we provide consolation if we find it difficult to do so in person ?
( See also the box “ Soothing Words of Consolation . ” )
If you find it difficult to say something in person , it may be easier to provide consolation by means of a sympathy card , an e - mail , a text message , or a letter .
You could simply quote a comforting scripture , recall some memorable characteristic or quality of the deceased , or share a happy memory that you cherish .
“ Receiving a short encouraging message or an invitation to spend time with a fellow Christian helps me more than I can say , ” says Junia . “ Those expressions make me feel loved and cared for . ”
What is a particularly effective way to provide consolation ?
Do not underestimate the value of your prayers with and for a bereaved fellow Christian .
Even though it may be difficult to express your prayerful thoughts in such an emotional situation , your heartfelt supplication in his behalf , even through tears and an unsteady voice , can be a powerful antidote to grief .
“ Sometimes when sisters have come to comfort me , ” recalls Dalene , “ I have asked them if they are willing to say a prayer .
They start praying , often battling to speak at first , but every time , within a few sentences , their voice gets stronger and they say the most heartfelt prayer .
Their strong faith , their love , and their concern have been very faith - strengthening . ”
17 - 19 .
Why is there an ongoing need to give comfort ?
The grieving process can vary greatly from person to person .
Therefore , make yourself available , not just for the first few days when many friends and relatives are present , but in subsequent months when others have returned to their normal routine .
“ A true friend shows love at all times , and is a brother who is born for times of distress . ”
Fellow Christians can be a source of profound comfort for someone for as long as it takes him or her to deal with grief . ​ — Read 1 Thessalonians 3 : 7 .
Remember that bereaved ones may experience pangs of grief triggered by anniversaries , certain music , photographs , activities , or even a specific smell , sound , or season of the year .
Many things a bereaved marriage mate does alone for the first time ​ — such as attending an assembly or the Memorial — ​ can be particularly painful .
“ I expected my first wedding anniversary to be very traumatic , ” relates one brother , “ and it was not easy .
But a few brothers and sisters planned a small gathering of my closest friends so that I wouldn’t be on my own . ”
Bear in mind , though , that bereaved ones need encouragement not only on special occasions .
“ Often the help and companionship offered when there is no special anniversary can be very beneficial , ” explains Junia .
“ Those spontaneous moments are so valuable and bring much comfort . ”
True , we cannot eliminate all the grief or completely fill the void caused by the death of a loved one , but we can bring a measure of comfort and consolation by taking practical action to assist the bereaved .
Gaby recalls : “ I am truly grateful to Jehovah for the loving elders who walked me through every difficult step of the way .
They have truly made me feel Jehovah’s loving arms around me . ”
Why are Jehovah’s promises a source of great comfort ?
How comforting it is to know that Jehovah , the God of all comfort , will eliminate all grief and provide permanent consolation when “ all those in the memorial tombs will hear [ Christ’s ] voice and come out ” !
God promises that “ he will do away with death forever , and the Sovereign Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces . ”
Then , instead of having to “ weep with those who weep , ” all earth’s inhabitants will “ rejoice with those who rejoice . ” ​ — Rom . 12 : 15 .
The last mention of Joseph was when Jesus was 12 years old .
When Jesus performed his first miracle , turning water into wine , there was no mention of Joseph ​ — then or on any subsequent occasion .
When on the torture stake , Jesus entrusted Mary to the care of the apostle John , which Jesus would not likely have done had Joseph still been alive . ​ — John 19 : 26 , 27 .
Other scriptures that many have found comforting are Psalm 20 : 1 , 2 ; 31 : 7 ; 38 : 8 , 9 , 15 ; 55 : 22 ; 121 : 1 , 2 ; Isaiah 57 : 15 ; 66 : 13 ; Philippians 4 : 13 ; and 1 Peter 5 : 7 .
See also the article “ Comfort the Bereaved , as Jesus Did ” in the November 1 , 2010 , issue of The Watchtower .
Here is what some have written to comfort bereaved friends :
“ We don’t know what to say except that we love you .
We can’t understand exactly how you feel , but Jehovah does and will keep raising you up .
We hope that our prayers will help a little . ”
“ May Jehovah sustain you at this time of such great loss . ”
“ May you find comfort in knowing that your dear one is safe in the memory of God , who will remember every detail about him and bring him back again . ”
“ Your loved one will never have to face the last enemy , death , ever again .
In the meantime , his acts of faith live on until he stands up alive and whole in the Paradise . ”
“ While words fail to capture the pain of losing a loved one , we look forward to the time when words will fail to capture the joy of having our heavenly Father return your dear one to you . ”
While Christians may take reasonable steps to ensure their personal security , they do so within the framework of Bible principles .
These advise against the use of carnal weapons , such as handguns , rifles , or other firearms , for protection against other humans .
Consider the following :
In Jehovah’s eyes , life ​ — especially human life — ​ is sacred .
The psalmist David knew that Jehovah “ is the source of life . ”
Hence , if a Christian chooses to take reasonable measures to defend himself or his property , he would do everything in his power to avoid taking a human life and becoming bloodguilty . ​ — Deut . 22 : 8 ; Ps . 51 : 14 .
Although using any number of objects could lead to incurring bloodguilt , guns make it easier to kill someone ​ — accidentally or deliberately .
* Moreover , if an attacker ​ — who may already be tense — ​ sees that the other person has a firearm , the situation is very likely to escalate and a death might result .
When Jesus told his followers to equip themselves with swords on the final night of his life on earth , he did not have protection in mind .
Rather , Jesus had them bring a sword for an object lesson to teach them not to resort to violence , even when confronted by an armed crowd .
After Peter wielded one of the swords against the high priest’s slave , Jesus commanded Peter : “ Return your sword to its place . ”
Then Jesus stated a fundamental truth , a principle that guides his followers to this day : “ All those who take up the sword will perish by the sword . ” ​ — Matt .
26 : 51 , 52 .
In harmony with Micah 4 : 3 , God’s people “ beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning shears . ”
This identifying trait of true Christians harmonizes with the apostle Paul’s inspired exhortation : “ Return evil for evil to no one . . . .
If possible , as far as it depends on you , be peaceable with all men . ”
Despite the many troubles that Paul experienced , including “ dangers from robbers , ” he lived by his words , never putting personal security above Scriptural principles .
Instead , he trusted in God and in the wisdom found in His Word ​ — wisdom that “ is better than weapons of war . ” ​ — Eccl .
9 : 18 .
Christians consider life to be far more valuable than material things .
“ Life does not result from the things [ a man ] possesses . ”
Thus , if a mild tongue fails to stop an armed robber , wise Christians heed the principle embodied in Jesus ’ words : “ Do not resist the one who is wicked . ”
It may even require that we give up our inner and outer garments , so to speak .
* The best strategy , of course , is prevention .
If we shun “ the showy display of [ our ] means of life ” and are known by our neighbors as peace - loving Witnesses of Jehovah , we may avoid being targeted by violent criminals . ​ — 1 John 2 : 16 ; Prov . 18 : 10 .
Christians respect others ’ consciences .
If it became known that a member of the congregation kept a gun for protection against humans , some fellow believers might be shocked , even stumbled .
Love moves us to put others ’ interests ahead of our own , even when that means putting aside what we may feel is a legal right . ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 32 , 33 ; 13 : 4 , 5 .
Christians strive to be exemplary .
After receiving Scriptural counsel , a Christian who continues to keep a gun for protection against other humans could not be considered exemplary .
He would therefore not qualify for responsibilities or special privileges in the congregation .
The same applies to a Christian who continues to carry a firearm as part of his secular work .
How much better to seek other employment !
*
How a Christian chooses to protect himself , his family , or his possessions is , of course , largely a personal matter , as is his choice of employment . That said , Bible principles reflect God’s wisdom and his love for us .
Out of regard for those principles , spiritually mature Christians choose not to keep a firearm for protection against other humans .
They know that true and lasting security comes to those who demonstrate trust in God by living in harmony with Bible principles . ​ — Ps .
97 : 10 ; Prov . 1 : 33 ; 2 : 6 , 7 .
During the great tribulation , Christians will rely on Jehovah and not try to defend themselves
A Christian might decide to own a firearm ( such as a rifle or a shotgun ) for hunting animals for food or for protection against wild animals .
When not in use , though , such weapons are best kept unloaded , perhaps even disassembled , and safely locked away .
Where gun ownership is illegal , restricted , or regulated in some other way , Christians obey the law . ​ — Rom .
13 : 1 .
Regarding the matter of defending oneself against rape , see the article “ How to Prevent Rape ” in the March 8 , 1993 , issue of Awake !
Further details on the question of accepting employment that involves being armed are found in The Watchtower of November 1 , 2005 , p . 31 ; and July 15 , 1983 , pp .
25 - 26 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
In an apple orchard in Grójec , a publisher shares the Bible’s message with one of the workers
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ Praise Jah ! . . .
How pleasant and fitting it is to praise him ! ” ​ — PS . 147 : 1 .
SONGS : 59 , 3
appreciate Jehovah’s personal interest in you ?
have confidence that God will rescue you ?
see how Jehovah sustains his people with his Word ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) Apparently , when was Psalm 147 written ?
( b ) What can we learn from studying Psalm 147 ?
WHEN someone has done well at an assigned task or has displayed a remarkable Christian quality , he deserves praise .
If that is true of humans , how much more do we have reason to praise Jehovah God !
We can praise him because of his immense power , as seen in the wonders of his creation , or because of his warm dealings with humankind , as evidenced by his provision of the ransom sacrifice of his own Son .
The writer of the 147th Psalm was moved to praise Jehovah .
He also encouraged others to join him in giving God praise . ​ — Read Psalm 147 : 1 , 7 , 12 .
We do not know who wrote this psalm , but the psalmist apparently lived about the time when Jehovah restored the Israelites to Jerusalem from Babylonian exile .
The restoration of God’s people to their place of true worship would certainly have moved the psalmist to praise Jehovah .
Still , he stated additional reasons to do so .
What were they ?
What reasons do you have to cry out “ Hallelujah ! ” in your own life ? ​ — Ps . 147 : 1 , ftn .
When King Cyrus liberated the exiled Israelites , how must they have felt , and why ?
Imagine how the exiled Israelites must have felt in Babylon .
Their captors jeered : “ Sing for us one of the songs of Zion . ”
By then Jerusalem , their greatest reason to rejoice in Jehovah , had been desolated .
The Jews did not feel like singing .
Their hearts were broken , and they needed comfort and consolation .
However , true to God’s prophetic word , deliverance came through Cyrus , king of Persia .
He conquered Babylon and proclaimed : “ Jehovah . . . has commissioned me to build him a house in Jerusalem . . .
Whoever there is among you of all his people , may Jehovah his God be with him , and let him go up . ”
What a comforting effect this development must have had on the Israelites dwelling in Babylon !
What does the psalmist observe about Jehovah’s healing power ?
Jehovah gave comfort not only to the nation of Israel as a whole but also to each individual .
The same is true today .
The psalmist wrote of God : “ He heals the brokenhearted ; he binds up their wounds . ”
Yes , Jehovah cares for those who are having problems ​ — whether physical or emotional .
Today , Jehovah is eager to comfort us and to soothe our emotional wounds .
He gives us wisdom and strength so that we can cope with any troubles we may face . ​ — Jas . 1 : 5 .
How can we benefit from the psalmist’s seeming change of subject at Psalm 147 : 4 ?
( See opening picture . )
The psalmist then turns his attention to the heavens above , telling us that Jehovah “ counts the number of the stars ” and “ calls all of them by name . ”
Why the seeming change of subject and reference to heavenly bodies ?
Consider this : The psalmist could see the stars with his physical eyes , but he had no idea of how many there really are .
Over the years , the number of stars that we can see has increased tremendously .
Some think that there are billions of stars in our Milky Way galaxy alone .
And there may be trillions of galaxies in the universe ! To us , stars are indeed without number !
But the Creator gives all of them a name or a designation .
This means that each star is unique to Jehovah .
What about his human creatures on earth ?
The God who knows where each star is at any given time also knows you as an individual ​ — exactly where you are , precisely how you feel , and specifically what you need at any given moment !
7 , 8 . ( a ) When Jehovah saves his people from their trials , what does he take into consideration ?
( b ) Illustrate how compassionate Jehovah is in helping imperfect humans .
Not only is Jehovah interested in you as a person but he also has the power and empathy needed to help you with life’s problems .
( Read Psalm 147 : 5 . )
You may feel that your situation is too difficult and the load too heavy for you to carry .
God understands your limitations , ‘ remembering that you are dust . ’
Being imperfect , we make the same mistakes again and again .
Oh , how we regret that slip of the tongue , those fleshly tendencies that flare up every now and then , or those inclinations to envy what others have !
Jehovah does not experience such shortcomings himself ; yet , his understanding of us is immeasurable , unsearchable ! ​ — Isa .
40 : 28 .
You may already have experienced how Jehovah’s mighty hand helped you to recover from some trial .
Take , for example , Kyoko , a pioneer sister who became very discouraged after moving to a new assignment .
How did Jehovah show his understanding of her problems ?
In her new circumstances , Kyoko found herself surrounded by individuals who could understand her feelings .
She felt that Jehovah was telling her : “ I love you , not just because you are a pioneer , but because you are my daughter and dedicated to me .
I want you to enjoy your life as one of my Witnesses ! ”
In your case , how has the Almighty shown that “ his understanding is beyond measure ” ?
9 , 10 .
What comes first when Jehovah extends help to us ?
Illustrate .
Sometimes your needs may be physical .
For instance , you may worry that you will not have enough food to eat .
However , it is Jehovah who created the natural cycle needed to grow food , even for young ravens that call out for it !
( Read Psalm 147 : 8 , 9 . )
If he continues to feed the ravens , you can trust that Jehovah will provide your material necessities too . ​ — Ps . 37 : 25 .
Most important , Jehovah provides spiritual sustenance , giving us “ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding . ”
Consider , for example , Mutsuo and his wife , who experienced Jehovah’s sustaining power following the 2011 Japan tsunami .
By climbing to the roof of their house , they barely escaped the tsunami .
However , that day they lost almost everything they owned .
They spent the dark , cold night in a room on the second floor of their battered home .

In the morning , they looked for some spiritual encouragement .
The only book they could find was the 2006 Yearbook of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Immediately , the heading “ The Deadliest Tsunamis Ever Recorded ” caught Mutsuo’s eye .
It was about an earthquake in Sumatra that in 2004 triggered the most devastating tsunamis in recorded history .
Mutsuo and his wife wept as they read through the experiences .
They felt God’s warm , loving care in providing the right spiritual encouragement just when they needed it .
Jehovah also lovingly provided for them materially .
Through their spiritual brothers , they received relief supplies .
But what strengthened them most were the visits made to the congregation by the representatives of God’s organization .
Mutsuo says : “ I felt that Jehovah was right next to each one of us and caring for us .
What comfort ! ”
God provides spiritual sustenance first , and then he satisfies our physical needs .
What is required of those who hope to benefit from God’s saving power ?
Jehovah is always ready to step in and ‘ raise up the meek . ’
But how can we benefit from his readiness to act in our behalf ?
We have to have a good relationship with him .
To have that , we need to cultivate meekness .
Meek ones wait on God to correct any wrongs and to undo the injuries inflicted on them .
Jehovah looks on such ones with his smile of approval .
12 , 13 . ( a ) To benefit from God’s help , what should we avoid ?
( b ) With whom does Jehovah find pleasure ?
On the other hand , God “ hurls the wicked to the ground . ”
These are strong words !
To benefit from Jehovah’s loyal love and to avoid his wrath , we have to hate what he hates .
For instance , we are to hate sexual immorality .
This means that we have to stay away from anything that could lead us into such wrongdoing , including pornography .
This may be a hard fight , but having Jehovah’s blessing is worth any effort we must put forth .
In fighting this battle , we need to rely on Jehovah , not on ourselves .
Will he be pleased if we try to save ourselves with “ the power of the horse , ” that is , where humans turn for help ?
No ! Neither are we to rely on “ the strong legs of a man , ” acting as if we or some other human could bring salvation .
Rather , we must approach Jehovah , begging for his help .
Unlike human counselors , he never gets tired of hearing our petitions , even when we ask for his help over and over .
“ Jehovah finds pleasure in those who fear him , in those waiting for his loyal love . ”
We can trust that in his loyal love , he will stick with us and help us to conquer our wrong desires .
What conviction strengthened the psalmist ?
Jehovah gives us a basis for being convinced that he will help his people when they are in need .
In thinking about the restoration of Jerusalem , the psalmist sang about Jehovah : “ He makes the bars of your city gates strong ; he blesses your sons within you .
He brings peace to your territory . ”
How reassuring it was for the psalmist to know that God would strengthen the city’s gates to provide protection for his worshippers !
How can God’s Word help when we feel overwhelmed by trials ?
( See paragraphs 15 - 17 )
15 - 17 . ( a ) How might we at times feel about our trials , but how does Jehovah use his Word to help us ?
( b ) Illustrate how ‘ God’s word runs swiftly . ’
You may face difficulties that cause you to become anxious . Jehovah can give you the wisdom to cope .
The psalmist said of his God that “ he sends his command to the earth ; his word runs swiftly . ”
Then , referring to Jehovah as ‘ sending the snow , scattering the frost , and hurling down the hailstones , ’ the psalmist asks : “ Who can withstand his cold ? ”
He adds that Jehovah “ sends out his word , and they melt . ”
Our all - wise , all - powerful God , the one who controls the hail and the snow , can help you to surmount any obstacles that you encounter .
Today , Jehovah guides us with his Word , the Bible .
And “ his word runs swiftly ” in that he readily gives us spiritual direction when we need it .
Think about how you benefit from reading the Bible , examining the publications of “ the faithful and discreet slave , ” watching JW Broadcasting , visiting jw.org , talking with the elders , and associating with fellow Christians .
Have you not seen that Jehovah is swift to provide you with his guidance ?
Simone has experienced the power of God’s Word .
She had very low self - worth , to the point of doubting that she was the kind of person God would approve of .
However , during times of discouragement , she persevered in prayer , turning to Jehovah for his help .
She also kept busy in her personal study of the Bible .
She says , “ I have never been in a situation where I have not felt Jehovah’s strength and his guidance . ”
This has helped her to try to remain as positive as possible .
Why do you feel favored by God , and what reasons do you have to cry out “ Praise Jah ! ” ?
The psalmist knew how favored God’s ancient people were .
They were the only nation given God’s “ word ” and “ his regulations and judgments . ”
( Read Psalm 147 : 19 , 20 . )
Today , we are blessed to be the only ones on earth called by God’s name .
Knowing Jehovah and having his Word at work in our lives , we have come to enjoy a privileged relationship with him .
Like the writer of Psalm 147 , do you not have many good reasons to cry out “ Praise Jah ! ”
and to encourage others to do the same ?
“ Find exquisite delight in Jehovah , and he will grant you the desires of your heart . ” ​ — PS .
37 : 4 .
SONGS : 135 , 81
What plans can lead to a happy future for you ?
What does sharing in full - time service teach a young person ?
What could a life in the pioneer service lead to ?
What must a young person decide about the future , but why is there no need to be overly anxious ?
( See opening picture . )
YOU young ones will probably agree that before starting a journey , it is wise to plan where you will go .
Life is like a journey , and the time to plan where you want to go is when you are young .
Of course , making plans can be challenging .
A girl named Heather says : “ It’s scary .
You have to decide what to do with the rest of your life . ”
But take courage . Jehovah says to his people : “ Do not be anxious , for I am your God . I will fortify you , yes , I will help you . ” ​ — Isa .
41 : 10 .
How do you know that Jehovah wants you to plan for a happy future ?
Jehovah urges you to plan wisely for your future .
He wants you to be happy .

The delightful sights , sounds , and tastes of creation tell you that .
Consider , too , how he cares for us and teaches us the best way of life .
To those who reject his advice , Jehovah says : “ You chose what displeased me . . . .
Look ! My servants will rejoice , but you will suffer shame . Look !
My servants will shout joyfully because of the good condition of the heart . ”
Jehovah is glorified when his people make wise choices in life . ​ — Prov .
27 : 11 .
What does Jehovah recommend for you ?
What plans does Jehovah recommend for you ?
He created humans to find happiness by knowing him and by serving him faithfully .
This is in sharp contrast with the animals he created , which are content merely to eat , drink , and produce offspring .
God wants you to find happiness by planning for things other than those that satisfy animals .
Your Creator is “ the God of love , ” “ the happy God , ” who made humans “ in his image . ”
You will be happy when you imitate our loving God .
Have you ever experienced the truth of the scripture that says : “ There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving ” ?
That is a basic truth about human life .
Therefore , Jehovah desires that your plans focus on demonstrating love for others and for God . ​ — Read Matthew 22 : 36 - 39 .
4 , 5 .
What made Jesus happy ?
Jesus Christ set the perfect example for you young ones .
As a child , he no doubt played and had fun .
God’s Word says that there is “ a time to laugh . . . and a time to dance . ”
Jesus also drew close to Jehovah by studying the Scriptures .
When he was 12 years old , the teachers at the temple were amazed at “ his understanding and his answers ” regarding spiritual matters . ​ — Luke 2 : 42 , 46 , 47 .
Jesus grew up to be a happy adult .
What made him happy ?
He knew that , among other things , God wanted him “ to declare good news to the poor . . . and a recovery of sight to the blind . ”
Doing what God asked him to do made Jesus happy .

Psalm 40 : 8 expresses his feelings : “ To do your will , O my God , is my delight . ”
Jesus enjoyed teaching people about his heavenly Father .
( Read Luke 10 : 21 . )
Once , after teaching a woman about true worship , Jesus said to his disciples : “ My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work . ”
Showing love for God and for others made Jesus happy .
It can make you happy too .
Why is it worth discussing your plans for the future with experienced Christians ?
Many Christians experienced happiness in their youth by serving as pioneers .
Why not discuss your plans with some of them ?
“ Plans fail when there is no consultation , but there is accomplishment through many advisers . ”
Such spiritual people may tell you that the full - time ministry provides an education that benefits you throughout life .
After having been instructed by his Father in heaven , Jesus continued to learn during his earthly ministry .
For example , he learned the joy of reaching hearts with the good news and also the joy of keeping integrity under test .
( Read Isaiah 50 : 4 ; Heb .
5 : 8 ; 12 : 2 ) Let us consider some aspects of full - time service that could make you very happy .
Why do many young people enjoy making disciples ?
Jesus said : “ Go . . . make disciples of people . . . teaching them . ”
If you plan to be a disciple - maker , you will be choosing a most satisfying career , one that glorifies God .
As with any career , you need time to become skilled .
Recently , a brother named Timothy who started pioneering as a teenager said : “ I like serving Jehovah full - time because it’s the way I express my love for him .
At first , I couldn’t start any Bible studies , but later I moved to another territory , and within a month I started several studies .
One student began coming to the Kingdom Hall .
After I attended the two - month Bible School for Single Brothers , * I received a new assignment where I have started four studies .
I love teaching people , as I can see that holy spirit is changing them . ” ​ — 1 Thess .
2 : 19 .
How have some young Christians shared more fully in making disciples ?
Some young Christians have learned another language .
For example , Jacob , from North America , writes : “ When I was seven , many of my classmates were Vietnamese .
I wanted to tell them about Jehovah , so after a while I made plans to learn their language .
For the most part , I learned by comparing the English and Vietnamese editions of The Watchtower .
I also made friends in a nearby Vietnamese - language congregation .
When I was 18 , I started pioneering .
Later , I attended the Bible School for Single Brothers .

This helped me with my present pioneer assignment , where I am the only elder in a Vietnamese - language group .
Many Vietnamese people are amazed that I have learned their language .
They invite me in , and often I can study the Bible with them .
Some have progressed to baptism . ” ​ — Compare Acts 2 : 7 , 8 .
How does the disciple - making work provide a fine education ?
Disciple - making is an educational experience that teaches you good work habits , communication skills , confidence , and tact .
But making disciples is especially joyful because it helps you to become more familiar with the Scriptural basis for your faith .
You also learn how to work closely with Jehovah . ​ — 1 Cor .
3 : 9 .
How can you share in the joy of making disciples even in a challenging territory ?
You can enjoy making disciples even if few people in your territory respond to the good news .
Making disciples is teamwork .
The whole congregation searches for sincere ones .
Although only one brother or sister may find the person who eventually becomes a disciple , all shared in the search and all can share in the joy .
For example , Brandon spent nine years pioneering in unresponsive territory .
He says : “ I like preaching the good news because it is what Jehovah asks us to do .
I started pioneering soon after finishing school .
I enjoy encouraging the young brothers in our congregation and seeing their spiritual progress .
After I attended the Bible School for Single Brothers , I received a new pioneer assignment .
It’s true that I have never found anyone in the territory who progressed to baptism , but others have .
I’m glad I planned to share fully in the disciple - making work . ” ​ — Eccl .
11 : 6 .
What form of sacred service have many young people enjoyed ?
There are many opportunities to serve Jehovah .
For example , many young people share in volunteer construction work .
Hundreds of new Kingdom Halls are needed .
Building them is sacred service that glorifies God and can make you happy .
As in other forms of sacred service , the association with fellow workers is a joy .
Theocratic construction work is also educational , as it teaches you to be safety conscious , to be a diligent worker , and to cooperate with those in oversight .
Many blessings await those who enter the full - time service ( See paragraphs 11 - 13 )
How may pioneer service lead to other opportunities ?
A brother named Kevin says : “ Ever since I was a little boy , I have wanted to serve Jehovah full - time someday .
Finally , I started pioneering when I was 19 .
I supported myself working part - time for a brother who was a builder .
I learned to install roofs , windows , and doors .
Later , I spent two years with a hurricane relief team , rebuilding Kingdom Halls and homes for the brothers .
When I heard about the construction needs in South Africa , I applied and was invited to go .
Here in Africa , I move from one Kingdom Hall project to another every few weeks .
My construction group is like a family .
We live together , study the Bible together , and work together .
I also enjoy preaching with the local brothers each week .
The plans I made as a boy have made me happy in ways I did not foresee . ”
How does Bethel service make young ones happy ?
Some who acted on their plans to serve Jehovah full - time are now at Bethel .
Bethel service is a happy way of life because everything you do there is for Jehovah .
The Bethel family helps to provide spiritual food .
A Bethelite named Dustin reports : “ I made full - time service my goal when I was nine years old , and I started pioneering when I finished school .

After a year and a half , I was invited to Bethel , where I learned to operate printing presses and later to do computer programming .
At Bethel , I enjoy hearing firsthand about the progress of the disciple - making activity worldwide .
I love serving here because what we do helps people to draw close to Jehovah . ”
How can you make plans to enter the full - time ministry ?
How can you plan to be a full - time Christian minister ?
More than anything , spiritual qualities will help you to be successful in serving Jehovah fully .
So be diligent in your study of God’s Word , meditate deeply on its meaning , and look for ways to express your faith at congregation meetings .
During your school years , you can acquire experience and skill as a preacher of the good news .
Learn to be interested in people by tactfully asking their opinion and listening to their response .
Also , you can offer to do things in the congregation , such as helping to clean and maintain the Kingdom Hall .
Jehovah is pleased to use those who have a humble , willing spirit .
( Read Psalm 110 : 3 ; Acts 6 : 1 - 3 ) The apostle Paul invited Timothy into missionary service because “ he was well - reported - on by the brothers . ” ​ — Acts 16 : 1 - 5 .
How can you prepare to earn a living ?
Full - time ministers generally need to earn a living .
Perhaps a short school course will qualify you for part - time work that is in demand locally .
As you make plans , consult your circuit overseer and the pioneers in your circuit .
Ask them what work is practical for pioneers .
And , as the Bible says , “ commit to Jehovah whatever you do , and your plans will succeed . ” ​ — Prov . 16 : 3 ; 20 : 18 .
How can serving Jehovah fully in your youth prepare you for other responsibilities in the future ?
You can be sure that Jehovah wants you to “ get a firm hold ” on a happy future .
( Read 1 Timothy 6 : 18 , 19 . )
Full - time service brings you into contact with fellow full - time servants and helps you to mature as a Christian .
Many have found that serving Jehovah fully during youth also helped them to have a more successful marriage .
Often , those who pioneered before marriage have been able to continue in that service together as a married couple . ​ — Rom .
16 : 3 , 4 .
17 , 18 .
How does making plans involve your heart ?
Planning involves your heart .
Psalm 20 : 4 says of Jehovah : “ May he grant you the desires of your heart and give success to all your plans . ”
So think about what you want to do with your life .
Consider what Jehovah is doing in our time and how you can have a share in his service . Then plan to do what is pleasing to him .
Serving Jehovah fully will bring you deep satisfaction because it is the way of life that honors God .
Yes , “ find exquisite delight in Jehovah , and he will grant you the desires of your heart . ” ​ — Ps .
37 : 4 .
Replaced by the School for Kingdom Evangelizers .
YOU are under attack !
And your chief enemy , Satan , is using a very dangerous weapon against you .
What is it ?
Propaganda !
A weapon specially designed to attack , not your body , but your mind .
The apostle Paul was alert to the danger that satanic propaganda posed , but not all his fellow Christians were .
Some in Corinth , for example , had apparently become overconfident ​ — thinking that they were so strong in the truth that they could never fall .
That is why Paul gave this warning : “ I am afraid that somehow , as the serpent seduced Eve by its cunning , your minds might be corrupted away from the sincerity and the chastity that are due the Christ . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
11 : 3 .
Paul’s deep concern shows that there is no room for complacency .
If you are going to win the battle for your mind , you must recognize the danger that propaganda poses and protect yourself from it .
What is propaganda ?
In this context , it is the use of biased or misleading information to manipulate the way people think and act .
Some equate propaganda with “ lies , distortion , deceit , manipulation , mind control , [ and ] psychological warfare ” and associate it with “ unethical , harmful , and unfair tactics . ” ​ — Propaganda and Persuasion .
How dangerous is propaganda ?
It is insidious ​ — like an invisible , odorless , poisonous gas — ​ and it seeps into our consciousness .
Because we may not see propaganda for what it is , behavior specialist Vance Packard observed : “ Many of us are being influenced and manipulated ​ — far more than we realize . ”
Under its influence , says one scholar , men and women have been “ quite easily led into the most preposterously dangerous behaviour ” ​ — such as ‘ genocide , war , racist hysteria , religious intolerance and many other forms of irrational behaviour . ’ ​ — Easily Led — ​ A History of Propaganda .
Now if mere men can fool us with their propaganda , what might Satan be able to do ?
He has studied human behavior since man was created .
“ The whole world ” now lies in his power .
He can use any part of it to disseminate his lies .
So effective has Satan been in ‘ blinding people’s minds ’ that he now ‘ misleads the entire inhabited earth . ’
How can you resist his propaganda ?
Jesus gave this simple rule for combating propaganda : “ Know the truth , and the truth will set you free . ”
But since truth is often the first casualty of war , you ​ — like any other soldier in the heat of battle — ​ need a source of trustworthy , reliable information to prevent the enemy from playing tricks with your mind .
Jehovah has provided this .
In the pages of the Bible , you can find all you need to combat Satan’s propaganda . ​ — 2 Tim .
3 : 16 , 17 .
Of course , the great propagandist , Satan , knows this .
So he uses his system of things to discourage Bible reading and study .
Do not fall for his devious schemes !
Become “ thoroughly able to comprehend ” the full scope of the truth .
That will take real effort on your part .
But remember this basic fact expressed by author Noam Chomsky : “ Nobody is going to pour truth into your brain .
It’s something you have to find out for yourself . ”
So “ find out for yourself ” by being diligent in “ carefully examining the Scriptures daily . ” ​ — Acts 17 : 11 .
To win the battle for your mind , you must recognize the danger that propaganda poses and protect yourself from it
Keep in mind that Satan does not want you to think clearly or reason things out well .
Why ?
Because propaganda “ is likely to be most effective , ” says one source , “ if people . . . are discouraged from thinking critically . ”
( Media and Society in the Twentieth Century ) So never be content passively or blindly to accept what you hear .
Use your God - given thinking abilities and power of reason to make the truth your own . ​ — Prov . 2 : 10 - 15 ; Rom . 12 : 1 , 2 .
Military strategists may use propaganda to undermine morale and weaken the fighting spirit .
They may induce enemy soldiers to fight among themselves or fool them into isolating themselves from the main fighting force .
A German general , it has been said , admitted that one reason for defeat in World War I was that the people “ were hypnotized by the enemy propaganda as a rabbit is by a snake . ”
Satan uses similar tricks in his attempts to divide and conquer , trying , for example , to stir up contentions among Christian brothers and sisters or to induce them to isolate themselves from Jehovah’s organization because of some perceived injustice or grievance .
Do not be deceived !
Let God’s Word guide you .
For example , in the matter of maintaining unity with your brothers and sisters , the Bible encourages you to continue “ forgiving one another freely ” and to be quick to resolve matters of dispute .
It strongly warns us against isolating ourselves from the congregation .
Test your defenses against satanic propaganda .
Ask yourself : ‘ What governed my thinking the last time I faced such a situation ?
Was it the world’s spirit or God’s spirit ? ’ ​ — Gal .
5 : 16 - 26 ; Eph .
2 : 2 , 3 .
A soldier whose loyalty to his leader is weakened will not fight well .
So propagandists attempt to break bonds of confidence and trust between a soldier and his commander .
They may use such propaganda as : “ You cannot trust your leaders ! ”
and “ Do not let them lead you into disaster ! ”
To add weight to these attacks , they may cleverly exploit any mistakes those leaders might make .
Satan does this .
He never gives up trying to undermine your confidence in the leadership that Jehovah has provided .
Your defense ?
Be determined to stick to Jehovah’s organization and loyally support the leadership he provides ​ — no matter what imperfections may surface .
Do not be “ quickly shaken from your reason ” when faced with what appear to be damaging attacks by apostates or other such deceivers of the mind ​ — however plausible their charges may seem .
Follow the advice given to the young man Timothy .
Stick to the truth you learned , and remember where you learned it .
Surely there is ample evidence to show that you can trust the channel that Jehovah has used for nearly a hundred years now to lead us in the way of the truth . ​ — Matt .
24 : 45 - 47 ; Heb .
13 : 7 , 17 .

Keep in mind , though , that Satan’s propaganda is not always subtle .
At times , he uses terror tactics ​ — “ one of the oldest of all forms of propaganda . ”
( Easily Led ​ — A History of Propaganda ) The Assyrians , for example , dominated their enemies with “ a policy of terror coupled with one of propaganda , ” wrote British Professor Philip M .
Taylor . Satan will use fear of man , fear of persecution , fear of death , and any other kind of negative fear to try to dominate you and make you shrink back from serving Jehovah . ​ — Isa .
8 : 12 ; Jer .
42 : 11 ; Heb .
2 : 15 .
Do not let Satan use fear itself to weaken your morale or break your integrity .
Jesus said : “ Do not fear those who kill the body and after this are not able to do anything more . ”
Have complete confidence in Jehovah’s promise to watch over you , to give you “ the power beyond what is normal , ” and to help you withstand any attempts to frighten you into submission . ​ — 2 Cor .
4 : 7 - 9 ; 1 Pet . 3 : 14 .
You may , of course , encounter frightening , morale - weakening events . But keep in mind Jehovah’s words of encouragement to Joshua : “ Be courageous and strong .
Do not be struck with terror or fear , for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go . ”
If anxiety strikes , go immediately to Jehovah in prayer with all your concerns .
You can be sure that “ the peace of God . . . will guard your hearts and your mental powers ” so that you will have the strength to resist all of Satan’s propaganda . ​ — Phil .
4 : 6 , 7 , 13 .
Do you remember the propaganda used by the Assyrian envoy , the Rabshakeh , against God’s people ?
He said , in effect , ‘ Nothing can protect you from Assyria .
Even your God , Jehovah , can do nothing for you . ’
He boldly added : ‘ Jehovah himself told us to destroy this land . ’
What did Jehovah say in return ?
“ Do not be afraid because of the words that you heard , . . . with which the attendants of the king of Assyria blasphemed me . ”
He then sent an angel who destroyed 185,000 Assyrians in one night ! ​ — 2 Ki . 19 : 35 .
Have you ever watched a film in which , from your vantage point in the audience , you can clearly see that someone is being deceived and manipulated ?
Did you find yourself thinking : ‘ Do not believe it !
They are lying to you ! ’
Imagine , then , the angels shouting the same message to you : “ Do not be fooled by Satan’s lies ! ”
Shut your ears , then , to Satan’s propaganda .
Listen to Jehovah and trust in him in all that you do .
Respond to his loving appeal : “ Be wise , my son , and make my heart rejoice . ”
Then , you will win the battle for your mind !
3 Are You Willing to Wait Patiently ?
8 “ The Peace of God . . .
Surpasses All Understanding ”
The first article explains why we should be willing to wait on Jehovah .
We will also consider how the examples of faithful men and women of old can help us learn to wait patiently .
The second article highlights how Jehovah can do the unexpected by accomplishing things we could never imagine .
This will strengthen our trust in him as we wait patiently for him to act in our behalf .
13 Life Story ​ — Endurance Under Trial Results in Blessings
17 How We Strip Off and Keep Off the Old Personality
22 How We Put On and Keep On the New Personality
The first article explains what it means to strip off the old personality and why doing so is urgent .
It also discusses what we can do to keep off the old personality .
The second article considers several qualities that are part of the new personality and explains how we can demonstrate these in our life and ministry .
27 Love ​ — A Precious Quality
30 From Our Archives
32 Questions From Readers
“ You too exercise patience . ” ​ — JAS .
5 : 8 .
SONGS : 114 , 79
What is involved in being patient ?
What helped men and women of old to be willing to wait on Jehovah ?
How have both Jehovah and Jesus shown a willingness to wait ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What may cause us to ask : “ How long ” ?
( b ) Why can we be encouraged by the examples of faithful servants in the past ?
“ HOW long ? ”
That was the question raised by the faithful prophets Isaiah and Habakkuk .
When composing Psalm 13 , King David four times likewise asked : “ How long ? ”
Even our Lord Jesus Christ asked this question when confronted with the faithless attitude of those around him .
So we should not be surprised if we find ourselves at times asking the very same question .
What can cause us to ask : “ How long ” ?
Perhaps we have had to deal with some form of injustice .
Or maybe we are enduring old age and sickness or the pressures of living in these “ critical times ” that are so “ hard to deal with . ”
Or maybe the wrong attitudes of those around us are wearing us out .
Whatever the cause , how encouraging it is to know that Jehovah’s faithful servants in the past felt free to express the same question that may loom in our minds , and they were not condemned for asking it !
What can help us when we face difficult circumstances ?
But what can help us when we come face - to - face with such difficult circumstances ?
The disciple James , Jesus ’ half brother , was inspired to tell us : “ Be patient then , brothers , until the presence of the Lord . ”
Yes , we all need patience .
But what is involved in having this godly quality ?
4 , 5 . ( a ) What is involved in being patient ?
( b ) How does the disciple James illustrate one aspect of patience ?
( See opening picture . )
According to the Bible , patience is a product of holy spirit ; without God’s help , imperfect humans cannot be patient to the degree needed .
Patience is a gift from God , and being patient is a key way to show our love for him .
Patience is also an expression of our love for others .
Persistent impatience weakens the bonds of love ; patience strengthens them .
Patience involves a number of other vital Christian qualities .
For example , it is closely connected with endurance , which enables us to put up with difficult circumstances while maintaining a positive attitude .
Patience can also involve suffering without retaliating and remaining firm and steadfast no matter what may come our way .
Additionally , the Bible urges us to accept willingly the need to wait .
This aspect of patience is highlighted at James 5 : 7 , 8 .
( Read . )
Why must we be willing to accept the need to wait for Jehovah to act ?
James compares our situation to that of a farmer .
Even though a farmer works hard to plant his crop , he has no control over the weather or the growth of the plants .
He cannot speed up the time .
He accepts that he needs to wait patiently for “ the precious fruit of the earth . ”
In a similar manner , there are many factors that are beyond our control as we wait for the fulfillment of Jehovah’s promises .
Like the farmer , we need to wait patiently .
What can we learn from the example of the prophet Micah ?
The conditions we face today are similar to those in the days of the prophet Micah .
He lived during the reign of wicked King Ahaz , a time when all sorts of corruption prevailed .
In fact , the people had become “ expert at doing what is bad . ”
( Read Micah 7 : 1 - 3 . )
Micah realized that he could not personally change these conditions . So , what could he do ?
He tells us : “ As for me , I will keep on the lookout for Jehovah .
I will show a waiting attitude [ “ I will wait patiently , ” ftn . ] for the God of my salvation . My God will hear me . ”
Like Micah , we too need to have “ a waiting attitude . ”
Why is more required of us than just waiting for Jehovah to fulfill his promises ?
If we have faith like that of Micah , we will be willing to wait for Jehovah .
Our situation is not like that of a prisoner who is waiting in his cell for his execution .
He is forced to wait , and he is not looking forward to the outcome .
How different things are for us !
We are willing to wait for Jehovah because we know that he will fulfill his promise to give us everlasting life at exactly the right time , the best time !
So we “ endure fully with patience and joy . ”
To do otherwise ​ — to wait while complaining and grumbling that Jehovah is not acting fast enough — ​ would be displeasing to our God . ​ — Col .
3 : 12 .
What do we need to remember as we meditate on the examples of faithful men and women of old ?
We will be more willing to wait if we remember faithful men and women of old who waited patiently for Jehovah to fulfill his promises .
As we meditate on their examples , it is good for us to remember how long they had to wait , why they were willing to wait , and what blessings resulted from their patience .
Abraham had to wait many years before his grandsons Esau and Jacob were born ( See paragraphs 9 , 10 )
9 , 10 .
How long did Abraham and Sarah have to wait on Jehovah ?
Consider the example of Abraham and Sarah .
They are among “ those who through faith and patience inherit the promises . ”
The Scriptures tell us that “ after Abraham had shown patience , ” he obtained the promise that Jehovah would bless him and multiply his offspring .
Why did Abraham need to show patience ?
Simply stated , the fulfillment of the promise would take time .
The covenant Jehovah made with Abraham started to take effect on Nisan 14 , 1943 B.C.E .
That was when he and Sarah along with their household crossed the Euphrates River and entered the Promised Land .
Abraham then had to wait 25 years before his son Isaac was born in 1918 B.C.E . , and he had to wait another 60 years before his grandsons Esau and Jacob were born in 1858 B.C.E . ​ — Heb .
11 : 9 .
How much land did Abraham inherit ?
We are told : “ Yet , he [ Jehovah ] did not give him [ Abraham ] any inheritance in it , no , not even enough to put his foot on ; but he promised to give it to him as a possession and after him to his offspring , though as yet he had no child . ”
It was not until 430 years after Abraham had crossed the Euphrates that his descendants were organized into a nation that would take possession of the land . ​ — Ex .
12 : 40 - 42 ; Gal .
3 : 17 .
Why was Abraham willing to wait on Jehovah , and what blessings will he see as a result of his patience ?
Abraham was willing to wait , because his patience was based on his faith in Jehovah .
( Read Hebrews 11 : 8 - 12 . )
Abraham was happy to wait , even though he did not see the complete fulfillment of the promise in his day .
But just imagine Abraham’s joy when he is resurrected back to a paradise earth .
He will be surprised to see how much of the Bible was used to record his personal story and that of his descendants .
* Just imagine how thrilled he will be to understand for the first time his vital role in the outworking of Jehovah’s purpose with regard to the promised offspring !
No doubt , he will feel that the long wait was worth it .
12 , 13 .
Why did Joseph need patience , and what fine attitude did he have ?
Abraham’s great - grandson Joseph also showed a willingness to be patient .
He was the victim of some outrageous injustices .
First , his brothers sold him into slavery when he was about 17 years old .
Then , he was falsely accused of trying to rape his master’s wife and ended up in irons in prison .

For his righteous actions , he seemed to be punished rather than blessed .
But after 13 years , everything changed very quickly .
He was released from prison and promoted to the second - highest position in Egypt . ​ — Gen .
41 : 14 , 37 - 43 ; Acts 7 : 9 , 10 .
Did the injustices make Joseph bitter ?
Did he lose confidence in his God , Jehovah ?
No .
What helped Joseph to wait patiently ?
It was his faith in Jehovah .
He saw Jehovah’s hand in matters .
Notice how this is reflected in what he told his brothers : “ Do not be afraid . Am I in the place of God ?
Although you meant to harm me , God intended it to turn out well and to preserve many people alive , as he is doing today . ”
Ultimately , Joseph realized that the wait was worth it .
14 , 15 . ( a ) What is outstanding about David’s patience ?
( b ) What helped David to wait patiently ?
King David was also the victim of many injustices .
Although anointed by Jehovah at an early age to be the future king of Israel , David had to wait some 15 years before he was made king over his own tribe .
During part of this time , unfaithful King Saul pursued David , seeking to kill him .
* As a result , David had to live as a fugitive , at times in a foreign country and at other times in caves in the wilderness .
Even when Saul was eventually killed in battle , David still had to wait about seven more years before he was given the kingship over the whole nation of Israel . ​ — 2 Sam .
5 : 4 , 5 .
Why was David willing to wait patiently ?
He gives us the answer in the very psalm in which he four times asked : “ How long ? ”
This is what he says : “ As for me , I trust in your loyal love ; my heart will rejoice in your acts of salvation .
I will sing to Jehovah , for he has richly rewarded me . ”
David trusted in Jehovah’s loyal love .
He joyfully looked forward to deliverance , and he reflected on how Jehovah had dealt rewardingly with him .
Yes , David felt that the wait would be worth it .
With regard to exercising patience , Jehovah does not expect us to do something that he is not willing to do himself
16 , 17 .
How have both Jehovah God and Jesus Christ set excellent examples with regard to being willing to wait ?
With regard to exercising patience , Jehovah does not expect us to do something that he is not willing to do himself .
He has set the supreme example of being willing to wait .
( Read 2 Peter 3 : 9 . )
Jehovah has been waiting patiently for thousands of years so that the moral issues raised in the garden of Eden could eventually be settled beyond a doubt .
He is “ waiting patiently ” and “ keeping in expectation ” of the time when his name will be fully sanctified .
This will result in unimaginable blessings for those who are “ eagerly waiting for him . ” ​ — Isa . 30 : 18 ; ftn .
Jesus likewise has been willing to wait .
Although he passed the test of integrity here on earth and presented the value of his ransom sacrifice in 33 C.E . , he had to wait until 1914 before commencing his rule .
It will not be until the end of his Thousand Year Reign that all his enemies will be completely destroyed .
It will have been a long wait , but we can be sure that the wait will be worth it .
18 , 19 .
What will help us to be willing to wait patiently ?
Without a doubt , therefore , each one of us needs to be willing to wait , to show a patient attitude .
But what will help us to do this ?
Pray for God’s spirit .
Remember , patience is an aspect of the fruitage of the spirit .

Plead with Jehovah to help you to endure patiently .
Remember , too , what helped Abraham , Joseph , and David to wait patiently for the fulfillment of Jehovah’s promises .
It was their faith in Jehovah and their trust in his dealings with them .
They did not focus just on themselves and their personal comfort .
As we contemplate how well things worked out for them , we too will be encouraged to show a waiting attitude .
What should be our personal determination ?
So even though we face tests and trials , we are determined to show “ a waiting attitude . ”
Yes , at times we might cry out : “ How long , O Jehovah ? ”
But with the strengthening power of God’s holy spirit , each of us is determined to echo the words of Jeremiah : “ Jehovah is my share . . . That is why I will show a waiting attitude for him . ” ​ — Lam .
3 : 21 , 24 .
Some 15 chapters of the book of Genesis are devoted to the account about Abraham .
Additionally , the writers of the Christian Greek Scriptures refer to Abraham more than 70 times .
Although Saul was rejected by Jehovah after ruling a little over two years , he was allowed to continue ruling for 38 more years , until his death . ​ — 1 Sam .
13 : 1 ; Acts 13 : 21 .
“ The peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts . ” ​ — PHIL .
4 : 7 .
SONGS : 112 , 58
What lessons do we learn from what happened to the apostle Paul in Philippi ?
What Scriptural examples prove that Jehovah can do the unexpected ?
How can we with full confidence retain “ the peace of God ” ?
1 , 2 .
What events in Philippi led to the imprisonment of Paul and Silas ?
( See opening picture . )
IT IS about midnight .
Two missionaries , Paul and Silas , are in prison ​ — the innermost part of the prison — ​ in the city of Philippi .
Their feet are fastened securely in stocks , and their backs are still aching from the beatings they had just received . How quickly things had happened !
Without any warning , they had been dragged by a mob to the marketplace to stand before a hastily convened court .
Their clothes were torn off them , and they were severely beaten with rods .
The injustice of it all !
Paul , a Roman citizen , deserved a proper trial .

*
As Paul sits in the darkness , he contemplates the events of the day .
He thinks about the people of Philippi .
They do not even have a Jewish synagogue in their city , unlike so many other cities that Paul has visited .
In fact , the Jewish worshippers need to gather outside the city gates beside a river .
Is this because there are not even ten Jewish males in the city , the number required to form a synagogue ?
The people of Philippi are obviously very proud of their Roman citizenship , even if it is only a partial or secondary form of citizenship .
Could this be why they do not even think it possible that these Jews , Paul and Silas , could be Roman citizens ?
Whatever the case , here they are , unjustly thrown into prison .
Why may Paul have found his imprisonment confusing ; yet , what attitude did he display ?
Perhaps Paul is also thinking about the events of the past few months .
He was on the other side of the Aegean Sea , in Asia Minor .
While Paul was there , the holy spirit repeatedly stopped him from preaching in certain areas .
It was as if the holy spirit were pushing him to go somewhere else .
But where ?
The answer came in a vision while he was in Troas .
Paul was told : “ Step over into Macedonia . ”
With such a clear indication of Jehovah’s will , Paul immediately accepted the invitation .
( Read Acts 16 : 8 - 10 . )
But what happened next ?
Soon after he arrived in Macedonia , he ended up in prison !
Why did Jehovah allow this to happen to Paul ?
How long would he be stuck in prison ?
Even if these questions weighed heavily on Paul’s mind , he did not let them erode his faith and joy .
Both he and Silas started “ praying and praising God with song . ”
Their hearts and minds were soothed by the peace of God .
4 , 5 . ( a ) How could our situation be similar to that of Paul ?
( b ) How did Paul’s situation change unexpectedly ?
Perhaps there have been times in your life when you felt that you , like Paul , were following the leadings of God’s holy spirit , but then things did not turn out the way you expected .
You came face - to - face with challenges , or you found yourself in new circumstances that required massive changes in your life .
As you look back , maybe you are left wondering why Jehovah allowed certain things to happen .
If so , what can help you to continue to endure with full confidence in Jehovah ?
To find the answer , let us return to the account of Paul and Silas .
As Paul and Silas sing songs of praise , a series of totally unexpected events occurs .
Suddenly , there is a violent earthquake .
The doors of the prison are thrown wide open . All the prisoners ’ bonds are loosened .
Paul stops the jailer from committing suicide .
The jailer and his entire family get baptized .
As the new day starts , the city magistrates send constables to release Paul and Silas .
The officials ask them to leave the city peacefully .
Then , on realizing that Paul and Silas are Roman citizens , the magistrates see that they have made a huge blunder , so they themselves come to escort the two men out .
But Paul and Silas insist on first saying good - bye to their newly baptized sister Lydia .
Additionally , they use the opportunity to strengthen the brothers .

How quickly everything changed !
What will we now discuss and review together ?
What do we learn from these events ?
Jehovah can do the unexpected , so we need not be anxious in the face of trials .
That lesson no doubt made a deep impression on Paul , as evidenced by what he later wrote to the brothers in Philippi about anxiety and the peace of God .
Let us first discuss Paul’s words recorded at Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 .
( Read . )
Then , we will review some additional Scriptural examples of how Jehovah did the unexpected .
Finally , we will consider how “ the peace of God ” can help us to endure with full confidence in Jehovah .
What lesson did Paul highlight when he later wrote to the brothers in Philippi , and what lesson can we learn from his words ?
No doubt when the brothers in Philippi read Paul’s letter to them , they remembered what had happened to him and how none of them had expected Jehovah to take action in the way that he did .
What lesson was Paul teaching them ?
Basically : Do not worry .
Pray , and then you will receive the peace of God .
But notice that “ the peace of God . . . surpasses all understanding . ”
What does that mean ?
Some translators render this expression “ surpasses all our dreams ” or “ excels all human planning . ”
Paul was , in effect , saying that “ the peace of God ” is more wonderful than can be imagined .
So although from a human viewpoint we may not see a way out of our problems , Jehovah does , and he can do the unexpected . ​ — Read 2 Peter 2 : 9 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) Even though Paul had suffered an injustice in Philippi , what good resulted because of those events ?
( b ) Why could the brothers in Philippi take Paul’s words seriously ?
As the brothers in Philippi thought over what had happened in the ten years since those events , they would have been strengthened .
What Paul wrote was true .
Although Jehovah had allowed an injustice to occur , this ultimately resulted in “ the defending and legally establishing of the good news . ”
Those city magistrates would think twice before doing anything against the newly formed Christian congregation in their city .
Perhaps because of Paul’s actions , his traveling companion Luke , the physician , was able to remain in Philippi after Paul and Silas left .
Luke could thus give extra help to the new Christians in that city .
Indeed , when those brothers in Philippi read Paul’s letter , they knew that these were not the words of an academic who was sitting somewhere in an office .
Paul had experienced extreme difficulties ; yet , he demonstrated that he had “ the peace of God . ”
In fact , when Paul wrote to those brothers , he was under house arrest in Rome .
But he was still showing that “ the peace of God ” was with him . ​ — Phil .
1 : 12 - 14 ; 4 : 7 , 11 , 22 .
10 , 11 .
What do we need to do when we are overly worried about a problem , and what can we reasonably expect ?
What can help us not to be anxious over anything and to experience “ the peace of God ” ?
Paul’s words to the Philippians show us that the antidote to worry is prayer .
So when we are anxious , we need to turn our worries into prayers .
( Read 1 Peter 5 : 6 , 7 . )
Pray to Jehovah in full faith , knowing that he cares for you .
Pray to him “ with thanksgiving , ” remembering your blessings .
Our confidence in him will be strengthened when we keep in mind that he can “ do more than superabundantly beyond all the things we ask or conceive . ” ​ — Eph .
3 : 20 .
As in the case of Paul and Silas in Philippi , we may be surprised by what Jehovah does for us personally .
It may not be spectacular , but it will always be what we need .
Of course , this does not mean that we sit back and do nothing , simply waiting for Jehovah to correct the situation or solve the problem .
We need to act in harmony with our prayers .
Our actions thereby prove our sincerity and give Jehovah something to bless .
But at the same time , we need to realize that Jehovah is not limited by our requests , plans , and expectations .
Sometimes he surprises us by doing the unexpected .
Let us consider some Bible accounts that reinforce our confidence in Jehovah’s ability to do the unexpected in our behalf .
( a ) What did King Hezekiah do when threatened by Assyrian King Sennacherib ?
( b ) What do we learn from how Jehovah resolved the problem ?
As we search the Scriptures , time and again we find examples of Jehovah doing the unexpected .
King Hezekiah lived at a time when King Sennacherib of Assyria invaded Judah and captured all the fortified cities , with the exception of Jerusalem .
Then , Sennacherib turned his attention to Jerusalem .
What did King Hezekiah do when faced with this imminent threat ?
He approached Jehovah in prayer and turned to Jehovah’s prophet Isaiah for advice .
Hezekiah also tried to show his reasonableness by paying the fine that Sennacherib imposed on him .
In time , Hezekiah made preparations for a long siege .
But how was the situation resolved ?
Jehovah sent an angel to destroy 185,000 of Sennacherib’s soldiers in one night .
Truly , not even Hezekiah expected that to happen ! ​ — 2 Ki . 19 : 35 .
What lesson do we learn from what happened to Joseph ? ​ — Gen .
41 : 42 ( See paragraph 13 )
( a ) What lesson do we learn from what happened to Joseph ?
( b ) How did something unexpected occur in the case of Abraham’s wife , Sarah ?
Consider the young man Joseph , a son of Jacob .
While in a prison hole in Egypt , did Joseph have any idea that he would be appointed to the second - highest position in the land or that he would be used by Jehovah to save his family from starvation ?
No doubt Jehovah’s actions exceeded all of Joseph’s expectations .
Think , too , about Joseph’s great - grandmother Sarah .
Did aged Sarah expect that Jehovah would allow her to give birth to her own son , not just receive as son the child produced by her servant girl ?
The birth of Isaac certainly exceeded all that Sarah could ever have imagined . ​ — Gen .
21 : 1 - 3 , 6 , 7 .
What confidence can we have in Jehovah ?
Granted , we do not expect that Jehovah will miraculously take away all our problems before the promised new world ; nor do we demand that spectacular things occur in our lives .
But we do know that the God who helped his servants in amazing ways is our God , Jehovah .
( Read Isaiah 43 : 10 - 13 . )
This confidence helps us to have faith in him .
We know that he can do whatever is needed to empower us to accomplish his will fully .
What lessons do we learn from these Bible accounts ?
As the examples of Hezekiah , Joseph , and Sarah show , Jehovah can help us to conquer the seemingly unconquerable if we remain faithful to Him .
Jehovah can help us to conquer the seemingly unconquerable if we remain faithful to him

What will help us to retain “ the peace of God , ” and how is this possible ?
How can we face challenges and still retain “ the peace of God ” ?
It is by maintaining a good relationship with our God , Jehovah .
Such a relationship is possible only “ by means of Christ Jesus , ” who offered his life as a ransom sacrifice .
The provision of that ransom is yet another one of the amazing works of our Father .
Jehovah uses the ransom to cover our sins , enabling us to have a clean conscience and draw close to him . ​ — John 14 : 6 ; Jas . 4 : 8 ; 1 Pet .
3 : 21 . What will result when we attain “ the peace of God ” ?
Illustrate .
What results when we receive this “ peace of God that surpasses all understanding ” ?
The Scriptures answer by saying that it ‘ will guard our hearts and our mental powers by means of Christ Jesus . ’
The original - language word for “ guard ” was a military expression .
It referred to a garrison of troops that was assigned to guard a fortified city in ancient times .
Philippi was such a city . The inhabitants of Philippi slept soundly at night , knowing that soldiers were guarding the gates of their city .
In a similar manner , when we have “ the peace of God , ” our hearts and minds remain at rest .
We know that Jehovah cares for us and wants us to succeed .
That knowledge guards us from becoming overwhelmed by anxiety or discouragement .
What will help us to face the future with full confidence ?
Soon mankind will face the greatest tribulation that will ever occur here on earth .
We do not know all the details of what that will mean for us individually .
However , there is no need for us to be consumed by anxiety . Even though we do not know everything Jehovah will do , we do know our God .
We have seen from his past dealings that no matter what happens , Jehovah will always accomplish his purpose , and sometimes he does it in an unexpected manner .
Each time Jehovah does so for us , we may experience in a new way “ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding . ”
Apparently , Silas too was a Roman citizen . ​ — Acts 16 : 37 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Two pioneers in Amsterdam share the Kingdom message with a passerby
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
LIFE STORY
As told by Pavel Sivulsky
“ YOU are such a cruel father , ” scolded the KGB officer .
* “ You’ve abandoned your pregnant wife and baby daughter .
Who will feed them and care for them ?
Renounce your activities and go home ! ”
I replied : “ No , I didn’t abandon my family .
You arrested me !
And for what ? ”
The officer retorted : “ Any crime other than being a Witness is better . ”
That exchange took place in 1959 in a prison in the city of Irkutsk in Russia .
Allow me to relate why my wife , Maria , and I were prepared to “ suffer for the sake of righteousness ” and how we were blessed for remaining faithful . ​ — 1 Pet . 3 : 13 , 14 .
I was born in Ukraine in 1933 in the village of Zolotniki .
In 1937 my aunt and her husband , who were Witnesses , visited us from France and left us the books Government and Deliverance , published by the Watch Tower Society .
When my father read those books , his faith in God was awakened .
Sadly , in 1939 he became very ill , but before he died he told my mother : “ This is the truth .
Teach it to the children . ”
In April 1951 , the authorities began sending Witnesses from the western USSR to Siberia into exile .
Together with my mother and my younger brother , Grigory , I was banished from West Ukraine .
After traveling over 3,700 miles ( 6,000 km ) by train , we arrived in the city of Tulun in Siberia .
Two weeks later my older brother , Bogdan , arrived in a camp in the nearby city of Angarsk .
He had been sentenced to 25 years of hard labor .
My mother , Grigory , and I preached in the settlements around Tulun , but we had to be resourceful .
For example , we would ask , “ Is there anyone here who wants to sell a cow ? ”
When we found someone with a cow to sell , we would mention to that person how amazingly designed cows are .
Before long , we would be talking about the Creator .
At that time , a newspaper wrote about the Witnesses that they ask about cows but they are looking for sheep !
And we found sheeplike ones !
It was a pleasure to study the Scriptures with the humble and hospitable people in that unassigned territory .
Today , there is a congregation with over 100 publishers in Tulun .
My wife , Maria , learned the truth in Ukraine in the middle of World War II .
When she was 18 years old , a KGB officer began to harass her and tried to force her to commit immorality with him , but she firmly rejected his advances .
One day , she returned home and found the man lying on her bed .
Maria fled .
Furious , the officer threatened to have her locked up for being a Witness , and indeed , in 1952 , Maria was sentenced to ten years in prison .
She felt like Joseph , who was imprisoned for keeping his integrity .
The driver who took Maria from the courtroom to the prison told her : “ Don’t be afraid . Many people go to prison but return with their dignity intact . ”
Those words strengthened her .
From 1952 to 1956 , Maria was put to work in a labor camp near the city of Gorkiy ( now Nizhniy Novgorod ) in Russia .
She was ordered to uproot trees , even in freezing weather .
Her health suffered , but in 1956 she was set free and headed for Tulun .
When a brother in Tulun told me that a sister was coming , I went on my bicycle to the bus stop to meet the sister and to offer to help with her luggage .
When I met Maria , I liked her right from the start .
It took effort to win her heart ​ — but I succeeded .
We got married in 1957 .
A year later , our daughter Irina was born , but the joy of being with her was cut short .

In 1959 , I was arrested for printing Bible literature .
I spent half a year in solitary confinement .
To maintain peace of heart during that time , I constantly prayed , sang Kingdom songs , and imagined how I would preach if I were free again .
While living in a labor camp , 1962
While in prison , during an interrogation the investigator yelled , “ Soon we will stamp you people out like mice against the floor ! ”
I replied , “ Jesus said that the good news of the Kingdom WILL be preached in all the nations , and no one can stop it . ”
Then , the investigator switched tactics and tried to persuade me to renounce my faith , as I mentioned in the introduction .
When neither threats nor enticements worked , I was sentenced to seven years of hard labor in a camp near the city of Saransk .
On my way to the camp , I learned that our second daughter , Olga , had been born .
Although my wife and daughters were far away , I drew comfort from knowing that Maria and I had remained loyal to Jehovah .
Maria and our daughters , Olga and Irina , in 1965
Once a year Maria traveled to Saransk to visit me , although the journey from Tulun and back took 12 days by train .
Each year she would bring me a new pair of boots .
Hidden in the heels of the boots were recent copies of The Watchtower .
One year Maria’s visit was very special because she brought our two young daughters with her .
Imagine how touched I was to see them and to be with them !
In 1966 , I was freed from the labor camp and the four of us moved to the city of Armavir , near the Black Sea .
There , our sons Yaroslav and Pavel were born .
It did not take long before KGB officers began to raid our home , looking for Bible literature .
They searched everywhere , even in the cows ’ feed .
On one such occasion , the officers were perspiring from the heat , and their suits were covered in dust .
Maria felt sorry for them , as they were only obeying orders .
She poured them some juice and brought them a clothes brush , a bowl of water , and towels .
Later , when the KGB chief arrived , the officers told him about the kind treatment they had received .
When they left , the chief smiled and waved to us .
We were happy to see the good that can result when we try to “ keep conquering the evil with the good . ” ​ — Rom .
12 : 21 .
Despite the raids , we continued to preach in Armavir .
We also helped to strengthen a small group of publishers in the nearby town of Kurganinsk .
It gives me much joy to know that today there are six congregations in Armavir and four in Kurganinsk .
Through the years , there were times when our spirituality weakened .
But we are grateful to Jehovah that he used faithful brothers to correct us and to strengthen us spiritually .
It was also a serious test for us to serve alongside KGB agents who infiltrated the congregations without our realizing it .
They appeared to be zealous and were active in the ministry .
Some even received positions of responsibility in the organization .
In time , though , we found out who they really were .
In 1978 , when Maria was 45 , she again became pregnant .
Because she suffered from a chronic heart condition , the doctors feared for her life and tried to convince her to have an abortion .
Maria refused . In response , some doctors followed her everywhere in the hospital with a syringe , trying to inject her and induce a premature birth .
To protect the unborn child , Maria ran away from the hospital .
The KGB ordered us to leave the city . We moved to a village near the city of Tallinn in Estonia , which was then part of the USSR .
In Tallinn , contrary to the doctors ’ prediction , Maria gave birth to a healthy son , Vitaly .
Later , we moved from Estonia to the settlement of Nezlobnaya in the south of Russia .
We preached cautiously in the neighboring resort towns , which were visited by people from all over the country .
They came there for health reasons , but some left with the hope of everlasting life !

We tried to inculcate in our sons and daughters a love for Jehovah and a desire to serve him .
We often invited to our home brothers who were a good influence on our children .
One regular visitor was my brother Grigory , who served as a traveling overseer from 1970 to 1995 .
The whole family enjoyed his visits because he was joyful and had a good sense of humor .
When we had guests , we often played Bible games , and our children grew to love the Bible’s historical accounts .
My sons and their wives .
From left to right , back row : Yaroslav , Pavel , Jr . , Vitaly
Front row : Alyona , Raya , Svetlana
In 1987 , our son Yaroslav moved to the city of Riga in Latvia , where he was able to preach more openly .
But when he refused to perform military service , he was sentenced to one and a half years behind bars and was held in nine different prisons .
What I had told him about my experiences in prison helped him to endure .
Later , he began serving as a pioneer .
In 1990 , our son Pavel , then 19 years old , wanted to pioneer on Sakhalin , an island north of Japan .
At first , we did not want him to go .
There were only 20 publishers on the whole island , and we lived over 5,500 miles ( 9,000 km ) away from the island .
But eventually we agreed , and it was a good decision .
The people there responded to the Kingdom message .
Within a few years , there were eight congregations .
Pavel served on Sakhalin until 1995 .
By then , only our youngest son , Vitaly , remained at home .
From childhood , he loved reading the Bible .
At age 14 , he began pioneering , and I pioneered with him for two years .
It was a wonderful time .
When he was 19 , Vitaly left to serve as a special pioneer .
Back in 1952 , a KGB officer had told Maria : “ Renounce your faith or face ten years of imprisonment .
When you come out , you will be old and alone . ”
But things worked out very differently .
We felt the love of our loyal God , Jehovah , of our children , and of the many whom we have been privileged to help find the truth .
Maria and I had the joy of visiting the places where our children served .
We saw the gratitude of those who had been helped by our children to learn about Jehovah .
In 1991 , the activity of Jehovah’s Witnesses was given legal recognition .
That decision gave renewed vigor to the preaching work .
Our congregation even bought a bus so that we could travel to neighboring towns and villages each weekend .
With my wife in 2011
I am happy that Yaroslav and his wife , Alyona , and Pavel and his wife , Raya , serve at Bethel while Vitaly and his wife , Svetlana , serve in the circuit work .
Our eldest daughter , Irina , and her family live in Germany .
Her husband , Vladimir , and their three sons all serve as elders .
Our daughter Olga lives in Estonia and regularly calls me .
Sadly , my dear wife , Maria , died in 2014 .
I cannot wait to see her again in the resurrection !
Now I live in the city of Belgorod , and the brothers here are a huge support to me .
My years of service to Jehovah have taught me that keeping integrity comes at a cost but the inner peace that Jehovah gives in return is a treasure of surpassing value .
The blessings Maria and I received for remaining steadfast have been greater than I could ever have imagined .
Before the fall of the USSR in 1991 , there were just over 40,000 publishers .
Today , there are over 400,000 publishers in the countries that were once part of the Soviet Union !
I am now 83 years old and continue to serve as an elder .
Jehovah’s support has always given me the strength to endure .
Yes , Jehovah has richly rewarded me . ​ — Ps . 13 : 5 , 6 .
KGB is the Russian abbreviation for Soviet State Security Committee .
“ Strip off the old personality with its practices . ” ​ — COL .
3 : 9 .
SONGS : 121 , 142
What makes our worldwide brotherhood unique ?
What are some practices that must be put away and kept away ?
How can we strip off and keep off the old personality ?
1 , 2 .
What has been noted about Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
OBSERVERS have commented on the outstanding qualities seen among Jehovah’s people .
For example , regarding our brothers and sisters in Nazi Germany , author Anton Gill wrote : “ Jehovah’s Witnesses attracted the especial enmity of the Nazis . . . .
By 1939 there were 6,000 of them in the [ concentration camps ] . ”
Even so , despite the bitter persecution they endured , adds the author , the Witnesses showed “ dependability and equanimity [ calmness under stress ] ” as well as “ integrity and solidarity . ”
More recently , observers in South Africa noticed similar attractive qualities among God’s people .
At one time , Witnesses of different skin color in that country could not freely associate with one another .
However , on Sunday , December 18 , 2011 , it was a wonderful sight to see over 78,000 of our brothers of different races from South Africa and neighboring countries packed into the largest stadium in the city of Johannesburg to enjoy a spiritual program .
In commenting on those gathered , one of the managers of the stadium said : “ This is the best - behaved crowd I have ever seen in this stadium .
All are neatly dressed .
And you people have cleaned the stadium so nicely .
But most of all , you are truly multiracial . ”
What makes our brotherhood unique ?
Such comments by non - Witnesses show that our international brotherhood is truly unique .
What , though , makes us so different from any other organization ?
With the help of God’s Word and his holy spirit , we work hard to “ strip off the old personality . ”
In its place , we “ clothe [ ourselves ] with the new personality . ” ​ — Col .
3 : 9 , 10 .
What will be considered in this article , and why ?
It is one thing to strip off the old personality , yet quite another to keep it off .
In this article , we will consider how we can strip off the old personality , why doing so is urgent , and why change is possible no matter how deeply involved one may be in wrong practices .
We will also examine what those who have been in the truth for many years can do to keep off the old personality .
Why are such reminders needed ?
Sadly , some who once served Jehovah have lowered their guard and have slipped back into their old ways .
Thus , we all need to take to heart the warning : “ Let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 12 .
( a ) Illustrate why it is urgent to strip off the old personality .
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) According to Colossians 3 : 5 - 9 , what practices belong to the old personality ?
What would you do if your clothing became dirty , perhaps even having a foul odor ?
You would strip off the soiled garment as soon as possible .
Similarly , we need to act with urgency in obeying the command to strip off habits that are contrary to God’s personality .
We want to heed Paul’s clear instruction to Christians in his day : “ You must put them all away from you . ”
Let us consider two of the sinful practices listed by Paul ​ — sexual immorality and uncleanness . ​ — Read Colossians 3 : 5 - 9 .
6 , 7 . ( a ) How do Paul’s words show that strong measures are needed to strip off the old personality ?
( b ) What kind of life did Sakura live , and what gave her the strength to leave it behind ?
Sexual immorality .
The meaning of the original Bible word translated “ sexual immorality ” includes sexual relations between individuals who are not legally married to each other and homosexuality .
Paul told fellow Christians to “ deaden ” their “ body members ” ​ — that is , to eliminate any desires — ​ “ as respects sexual immorality . ”
Paul’s descriptive language clearly shows that strong measures are needed to wipe out such wrong desires .
Yet , the fight against sinful desires can be won .
Consider what happened to Sakura * from Japan .
Growing up , she struggled with loneliness and a feeling of emptiness .
From the age of 15 , she began to have sexual relations with different partners in order to relieve her loneliness .
“ As a result , ” she confesses with shame , “ I had three abortions . ”
She explains : “ At first , I got a sense of security when having immoral relations , thinking that I was needed and loved .
But the more I had sexual relations , the more insecure I felt . ”
This way of life continued until Sakura was 23 years old .
Then she began to study the Bible with the Witnesses .
Sakura loved what she learned , and with Jehovah’s help she was able to overcome deep feelings of guilt and shame and to put away sexual immorality .
Sakura now serves as a regular pioneer and no longer feels lonely .
Instead , as she puts it , “ I am really happy to be basking in Jehovah’s love day in and day out . ”
What are some things that can make us unclean in God’s eyes ?
Uncleanness .
The original Bible word translated “ uncleanness ” is a broad term that includes much more than sexual sins .
It can refer to the harmful practice of smoking or the telling of obscene jokes .
It also applies to unclean activities practiced by an individual in private , such as reading sexually stimulating books or viewing pornography , which may lead to the unclean habit of masturbation . ​ — Col .
3 : 5 .
*
Nurturing “ uncontrolled sexual passion ” can have what consequences ?
Those who habitually view pornography nurture “ uncontrolled sexual passion , ” which may result in their becoming addicted to sex .
Research indicates that individuals who admitted to having an irresistible urge to watch pornography show the same signs of addiction as do alcoholics and drug addicts .

No wonder the practice of viewing pornography has harmful results ​ — such as deep feelings of shame , low productivity in the workplace , unhappy family life , divorce , and suicide .
On celebrating a year of being free of his addiction to pornography , one man wrote : “ I have restored a sense of personal integrity that was missing . ”
How did Ribeiro overcome his addiction to pornography ?
For many , staying free from pornography is an ongoing battle .
Yet , as shown by what happened to Ribeiro from Brazil , this battle can be won .
Ribeiro left home when he was in his teens and in time began working in a paper - recycling plant , where he was exposed to pornographic materials .

He relates : “ Slowly , I became addicted .
It got so bad that I could not wait for the woman I was living with to leave the house so that I could watch pornographic videos . ”
Then , one day at work , Ribeiro looked at a pile of books that were to be recycled , and he noticed a book with the title The Secret of Family Happiness .
He picked it up from the pile and read it .
What he learned moved him to study the Bible with Jehovah’s Witnesses , but it took him a long time to break his bad habit .
What helped him eventually ?
He explains : “ Through prayer , Bible study , and meditation on what I learned , my appreciation of God’s qualities increased until my love for Jehovah became stronger than my desire for pornography . ”
Helped by the power of God’s Word and his holy spirit , Ribeiro stripped off his old personality , got baptized , and now serves as a congregation elder .

What is needed for a person to stay free from pornography ?
Notice that Ribeiro had to do more than simply study the Bible to succeed in his struggle .
He had to take time to allow the Bible’s message to touch his heart .
By prayer and meditation , his love for God overpowered the craving for pornography .
Developing a strong love for Jehovah and a hatred for what is bad is the best way to stay free from pornography . ​ — Read Psalm 97 : 10 .
What helped Stephen to put away anger and abusive speech ?
People who are quick - tempered often express their anger with abusive speech .
Obviously , such conduct cannot contribute to a happy family life .
Relates Stephen , a father from Australia : “ I used to swear a lot and would regularly fly into a rage over trivial things .
My wife and I were separated three times and were in the process of getting divorced . ”
Then , the Witnesses began to study the Bible with the couple .
What was the outcome when Stephen began to follow the Bible’s advice ?
He says : “ Our family life improved dramatically .
With Jehovah’s help , I now have an overriding sense of peace and calm , whereas before I was a time bomb of bitterness and rage , ready to explode at the slightest annoyance . ”
Today , Stephen serves as a ministerial servant , and his wife has been a regular pioneer for several years .
The elders of the congregation that Stephen attends note : “ Stephen is a quiet , hardworking brother , and he has a humble attitude . ”
They cannot recall ever seeing him angry .
Does Stephen accept the credit for this ?
He states : “ None of these beautiful blessings would be part of my life if I hadn’t accepted Jehovah’s help to give my personality a complete makeover . ”
What makes anger so dangerous , and what warning does the Bible give ?
For good reason , the Bible warns against anger , abusive speech , and screaming .
Sadly , such conduct often escalates into violence .
The world may view angry behavior as normal , but it dishonors our Creator .
Many had to strip off these harmful ways before being able to clothe themselves with the new personality . ​ — Read Psalm 37 : 8 - 11 .
Is it possible for an aggressive person to become meek ?
Consider the example of Hans , who serves as an elder in a congregation in Austria .
“ He is one of the meekest brothers you could ever wish to meet , ” says the coordinator of the body of elders in the congregation to which Hans belongs .
But Hans was not always meek .
While in his teens , he began to abuse alcohol and , as a result , turned aggressive .
In an alcohol - induced rage , he killed his girlfriend , for which he received a 20 - year prison sentence .
At first , life in prison did not change Hans ’ aggressive personality .
In time , his mother arranged for an elder to contact her son in prison , and Hans began to study the Bible .
He explains : “ It was a struggle for me to strip off my old personality .
Bible texts that encouraged me were Isaiah 55 : 7 , which says : ‘ Let the wicked man leave his way , ’ and 1 Corinthians 6 : 11 , which says about those who had abandoned sinful ways : ‘ And yet that is what some of you were . ’
For many years , Jehovah patiently helped me by means of his holy spirit to put on the new personality . ”
After having served 17 - and - a - half years of his sentence , Hans was released from prison as a baptized Christian .
He states : “ I am grateful for Jehovah’s overwhelming mercy and forgiveness . ”
What practice is common , but what does the Bible say about it ?
Besides abusive speech , the practice of lying is also a trait of the old personality .
For example , it is common for people to lie on tax returns or to lie to avoid taking responsibility for their sins .
By contrast , Jehovah is “ the God of truth . ”
Therefore , he requires that “ each one ” of his worshippers “ speak truth with his neighbor ” and “ not lie . ”
Thus , we must tell the truth even if it may be embarrassing or inconvenient . ​ — Prov .
6 : 16 - 19 .

How can one succeed in stripping off the old personality ?
Stripping off old personality traits cannot be done in one’s own strength .
The individuals mentioned in this article ​ — Sakura , Ribeiro , Stephen , and Hans — ​ had to fight hard to put away their bad practices .
They gained the victory by opening their mind and heart to the power of God’s Word and his holy spirit .
To benefit from that power , we must read the Bible daily , meditate on it , and pray constantly for the wisdom and strength to apply Bible counsel .
We also benefit from God’s Word and his holy spirit when we prepare for and attend congregation meetings .
In addition , we want to make good use of the various means by which spiritual food is now made available to God’s people worldwide . ​ — Luke 12 : 42 .
How can we succeed in stripping off the old personality ?
( See paragraph 16 )
What will be discussed in the next article ?
We have considered a number of bad practices that Christians must strip off and keep off .
But is that all that is required to gain God’s approval ?
No .
We must also clothe ourselves with the new personality .
In the following article , we will consider several aspects of the new personality that we need to make a permanent part of our figurative clothing .
Some of the names in this article have been changed .
See chapter 25 in the book Questions Young People Ask ​ — Answers That Work , Volume 1 .
“ Clothe yourselves with the new personality . ” ​ — COL .
3 : 10 .
SONGS : 126 , 28
What aspect of the new personality greatly contributes to our unity ?
In what ways can we display compassion and kindness ?
How can we demonstrate humility and mildness ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why is putting on the new personality within our reach ?
( b ) What aspects of the new personality are recorded at Colossians 3 : 10 - 14 ?
“ THE new personality . ”
That expression occurs twice in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
It refers to a personality that is “ created according to God’s will . ”
Developing such a new personality is within our reach .
Why ?
Because Jehovah created humans in his image and thus made it possible for us to reflect his beautiful qualities . ​ — Gen .
1 : 26 , 27 ; Eph .
5 : 1 .
True , because of the imperfection we inherited from our first parents , we are affected by wrong desires .
We may also have been deeply influenced by our environment .
Yet , with Jehovah’s merciful help , we can succeed in becoming the sort of person he wants us to be .
To strengthen our desire to reach that goal , we will consider several aspects of the new personality that the apostle Paul was inspired to write about .
( Read Colossians 3 : 10 - 14 . )
We will also consider how we can demonstrate these aspects in our ministry .
What is one characteristic of the new personality ?
After exhorting us to put on the new personality , Paul goes on to describe impartiality as one striking characteristic of the new personality .
He stated : “ There is neither Greek nor Jew , circumcision nor uncircumcision , foreigner , Scythian , slave , or freeman . ”
* In the congregation , why should there be no distinction based on race , nationality , or social status ?
Because true followers of Christ “ are all one . ” ​ — Col .
3 : 11 ; Gal .
3 : 28 .
( a ) How do servants of Jehovah need to treat others ?
( b ) What situation can pose a challenge to Christian unity ?
Those clothed with the new personality treat fellow believers and outsiders with dignity , regardless of their social or racial background .
This can be a challenge in some parts of the world .
For example , in South Africa most Witnesses still live in areas that were set apart for their race ​ — be it affluent suburbs , black townships , or areas where people of mixed race once had to live .
Hence , to encourage our brothers to “ widen out , ” in October 2013 the Governing Body approved a special arrangement to help the brothers to get to know one another better .
What did it involve ?
5 , 6 . ( a ) To strengthen the unity among God’s people in one country , what arrangements were made ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What have been the results ?
Arrangements were made for two congregations of different language or race to be together on some weekends .
Brothers and sisters from both congregations shared in the preaching work , attended meetings together , and enjoyed hospitality at the homes of one another .
Hundreds of congregations took part , and the branch office received many good reports about this arrangement , even from outsiders .
For example , one religious minister was moved to say , “ I am not a Witness , but I will say that you have an outstandingly organized preaching work , and you have racial unity . ”
How did the arrangement affect the Witnesses ?
At first , a Xhosa - speaking sister named Noma had reservations about inviting white brothers from an English - language congregation to her modest home .
But after sharing in the preaching work with the white Witnesses and enjoying hospitality in their homes , she exclaimed , “ They are normal people just like us ! ”
So when it was the turn of her Xhosa - language congregation to extend hospitality to the English - language congregation , she prepared a meal and invited some visitors .
Among her guests was a white elder .
Noma said , “ I was impressed that he was willing to sit close to the floor on a plastic crate . ”
As a result of this ongoing arrangement , many brothers and sisters made new friends and are determined to continue to widen out in their associations .
Why is there an ongoing need to show compassion ?
Until Satan’s world comes to an end , we will continue to experience trials .
We deal with unemployment , serious illnesses , persecution , natural disasters , loss of possessions because of crime , or other hardships .
To support one another in our suffering or adversity , we need to have genuine compassion .
Feeling tender compassion will move us to acts of kindness .
These aspects of the new personality will help us to imitate God and be of comfort to others . ​ — 2 Cor .
1 : 3 , 4 .
Our showing compassion and kindness to all in the congregation may lead to what good results ?
Give an example .
How can we show even greater consideration toward foreigners or disadvantaged ones in our congregation ?
We need to befriend such individuals and help them to see that they are a valuable part of the congregation .
Consider what happened to Dannykarl who moved from the Philippines to Japan . At his workplace , he was not treated as well as the local employees .
Then he attended a meeting of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
“ Almost all in attendance were Japanese , ” says Dannykarl , “ yet they gave me a warm welcome , as if they were my old acquaintances . ”
He continued to experience expressions of kindness , which helped him to make spiritual progress .
He was baptized , and today he serves as an elder .
His fellow elders view Dannykarl and his wife , Jennifer , as a blessing to the congregation .
The elders say about them , “ They lead a very simple life as pioneers and set a fine example of seeking the Kingdom first . ” ​ — Luke 12 : 31 .
9 , 10 .
Give examples of the rewards that come from showing compassion in the ministry .
When we share the Kingdom message with others , we have a fine opportunity to do “ good toward all . ”
Out of compassion for immigrants , many Witnesses endeavor to learn a new language .
This has led to rich blessings .
For example , a pioneer sister in Australia named Tiffany learned Swahili in order to be of help to a Swahili - language congregation in the city of Brisbane .
Though learning the language was a struggle for Tiffany , her life has been enriched .
She says : “ If you want an exciting ministry , serving in a foreign - language congregation is for you .
It’s like traveling without leaving your city .
You get to experience our worldwide brotherhood and see its miraculous unity firsthand . ”
What moves Christian ministers to help immigrants ?
( See paragraph 10 )
Consider also the example of a family in Japan .
Sakiko , the daughter , relates : “ In the 1990 ’ s , we often met Brazilian immigrants when we were in the field ministry .
When we showed them scriptures from their Portuguese Bible , such as Revelation 21 : 3 , 4 or Psalm 37 : 10 , 11 , 29 , they paid attention and sometimes even shed tears . ”
But the family’s compassion did not stop there .
“ When we saw their spiritual hunger , ” says Sakiko , “ we began to study Portuguese as a family . ”
Later , the family helped to establish a Portuguese - language congregation .
Through the years , the family helped many immigrants to become servants of Jehovah .
“ It took a lot of work to learn Portuguese , ” adds Sakiko , “ but the blessings far outweigh the efforts .
We are so thankful to Jehovah . ” ​ — Read Acts 10 : 34 , 35 .
11 , 12 . ( a ) Why is having the right motive for putting on the new personality so important ?
( b ) What will help us to remain humble ?
Our motive for clothing ourselves with the new personality must be to honor Jehovah , not to win praise from men .
Remember that even a once perfect spirit creature sinned because he allowed himself to become filled with pride .
( Compare Ezekiel 28 : 17 . )
How much more difficult it is for sinful humans to avoid improper pride and haughtiness !
Still , it is possible to clothe ourselves with humility .
What will help us to do so ?
To remain humble , we need to set aside time to meditate daily on what we read in God’s Word .
In particular , we do well to reflect on Jesus ’ teachings and his wonderful example of humble service .
Jesus even washed the feet of his apostles .
We also need to pray frequently for God’s spirit to help us fight any tendency of feeling superior to others . ​ — Gal .
6 : 3 , 4 ; Phil .
2 : 3 .
What are the rewards for being humble ?
Read Proverbs 22 : 4 .
Humility is required of all true worshippers and brings great rewards .
Being humble will help us to promote peace and unity in the congregation .
Developing and strengthening humility will also make us recipients of God’s undeserved kindness .
The apostle Peter stated : “ All of you clothe yourselves with humility toward one another , because God opposes the haughty ones , but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones . ” ​ — 1 Pet . 5 : 5 .
Who is the best example in showing mildness and patience ?
In today’s world , people who are mild and patient are often considered weak .
How far such reasoning is from the truth !
These beautiful qualities originate from the most powerful Person in the universe .
Jehovah God is the best example of showing mildness and patience .
Consider how he responded through his angelic representatives when Abraham and Lot questioned him .
Also , for over 1,500 years , Jehovah put up with the wayward nation of Israel . ​ — Ezek .
33 : 11 .
What example did Jesus set in showing mildness and patience ?
Jesus was “ mild - tempered . ”
He showed great patience in putting up with the weaknesses of his followers .
Throughout his earthly ministry , Jesus endured unjust criticism from religious opposers .
Yet , he was mild and patient right up to his wrongful execution .
While suffering agonizing pain on the torture stake , Jesus prayed that his Father forgive his executioners because , as he said , “ they do not know what they are doing . ”
What an outstanding example of mildness and patience under painful and stressful circumstances ! ​ — Read 1 Peter 2 : 21 - 23 .
In what practical way can we show mildness and patience ?
How can we show mildness and patience ?
Paul mentioned one way when he wrote to fellow believers : “ Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another . Just as Jehovah freely forgave you , you must also do the same . ”
Indeed , it takes mildness and patience on our part to obey this command .
But by being forgiving , we promote and preserve the unity in the congregation .
Why are mildness and patience important ?
Being clothed with mildness and patience is not optional for a Christian .
It is an essential requirement for our salvation .
More important , by means of these qualities , we honor Jehovah and help others to heed the Bible’s counsel . ​ — Gal .
6 : 1 ; 2 Tim .
2 : 24 , 25 .
What connection is there between love and impartiality ?
All the qualities considered thus far are closely connected with love .
For example , the disciple James had to counsel his brothers for favoring the rich over the poor .
He showed that such conduct violated the royal law : “ You must love your neighbor as yourself . ”
Then he added : “ If you continue showing favoritism , you are committing sin . ”
In contrast , love will move us to avoid any discrimination based on education , race , or social status .
Indeed , impartiality needs to be more than a veneer .
It must be a genuine part of our personality .
Why is it important that we clothe ourselves with love ?
Love is also “ patient and kind ” and “ does not get puffed up . ”
It truly takes patience , kindness , and humility to continue sharing the Kingdom message with our neighbors .
These same qualities make it easier for us to get along with all the brothers and sisters in the congregation .
What is the reward for showing such love ?
It produces united congregations that reflect well on Jehovah and that attract newly interested ones .
Fittingly , the Bible’s description of the new personality concludes with this powerful truth : “ Besides all these things , clothe yourselves with love , for it is a perfect bond of union . ” ​ — Col .
3 : 14 .
( a ) What questions should we ask ourselves , and why ?
( b ) We look forward to what time ?
Each of us should ask himself , ‘ What more can I do to strip off and keep off the old personality ? ’
We need to pray fervently for God’s help and work hard to overcome any attitude or practice that will prevent us from inheriting God’s Kingdom .
We also need to ask , ‘ Do I continue to be made new in my dominant mental attitude ? ’
Putting on and keeping on the new personality is an ongoing process for all Christians until we are able to do so to the full .
Imagine how wonderful life will be when everyone we know is clothed to perfection with the new personality !
In Bible times , Scythians were looked down on as uncivilized people .

LOVE JOY
PEACE
PATIENCE
KINDNESS
GOODNESS
FAITH
MILDNESS
SELF - CONTROL
THE apostle Paul wrote under inspiration about nine qualities that result from the action of holy spirit .
He described these desirable qualities as forming a whole ​ — “ the fruitage of the spirit . ”
* This fruitage characterizes “ the new personality . ”
Just as a tree will bear fruit when it is properly tended , so a person will manifest the fruitage of the spirit when holy spirit flows freely in his life . ​ — Ps . 1 : 1 - 3 .
The first aspect of the spirit’s fruitage that Paul listed is the precious quality of love .
How precious is it ?
Paul said that without love , he was “ nothing . ”
But just what is love , and how can we develop it and show it every day ?
Although words cannot easily define the quality of love , the Bible describes the way it is expressed .
For example , we read that love is “ patient and kind . ”
Also , it “ rejoices with the truth , ” and it “ bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . ”
Love also involves a feeling of deep affection for others and a sincere concern for them , as well as a warm attachment to them .
On the other hand , a lack of love is revealed by jealousy , pride , indecent behavior , selfishness , and a resentful , unforgiving attitude .
Unlike such heartless and vain qualities , the love we desire to develop “ does not look for its own interests . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
13 : 4 - 8 .
“ God is love . ”
Indeed , Jehovah is the very essence of love .
All his works and actions bear witness to his love .
His greatest act of love toward mankind was that of sending Jesus to suffer and die for us .
The apostle John stated : “ By this the love of God was revealed in our case , that God sent his only - begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him .
The love is in this respect , not that we have loved God , but that he loved us and sent his Son as a propitiatory sacrifice for our sins . ”
Because of God’s love , we can obtain forgiveness , hope , and life .
Jesus proved his love for mankind by willingly carrying out God’s will .
Paul wrote : “ [ Jesus ] says : ‘ Look ! I have come to do your will . ’ . . .
By this ‛ will ’ we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all time . ”
No human could show greater love .
Jesus said : “ No one has love greater than this , that someone should surrender his life in behalf of his friends . ”
Can we imperfect humans imitate the love shown to us by Jehovah and Jesus ?
Yes !
Let us consider how we can do so .
Paul exhorts us : “ Become imitators of God , as beloved children , and go on walking in love , just as the Christ also loved us and gave himself for us . ”
We “ go on walking in love ” when we manifest this quality in every aspect of our life .
We show such love by actions rather than by words alone .
John wrote : “ Little children , we should love , not in word or with the tongue , but in deed and truth . ”
For example , when we walk in love for God and neighbor , we will be moved to share the “ good news of the Kingdom ” with them .
We also walk in love when we are patient , kind , and forgiving .
Hence , the Bible counsels us : “ Just as Jehovah freely forgave you , you must also do the same . ” ​ — Col .
3 : 13 .
Such genuine love , however , is not to be confused with sentimentality .
For instance , to calm a crying child , a sentimental parent may cater to the child’s every whim .
But the parent who truly loves his child will be firm when necessary .
Likewise , God is love , but “ those whom Jehovah loves he disciplines . ”
When we walk in love , we will also give proper discipline when needed .
Of course , in doing so we must remember that we too are sinful and prone to unloving acts .
Thus , we all have areas in which we need to improve in showing love .
How can we do this ?
Let us consider three ways .
First , ask God for his spirit , which produces love .
Jesus stated that Jehovah gives “ holy spirit to those asking him . ”

If we pray for holy spirit and endeavor to “ keep walking by spirit , ” our actions will become more and more loving .
For instance , if you are an elder in the Christian congregation , you can ask for holy spirit to help you to give Scriptural counsel to others in a loving manner .
Or if you are a parent , you can request that God’s spirit help you to discipline your children , not in anger , but in love .
Second , reflect on how Jesus showed love even when provoked .
The need to think about Christ’s example may especially arise when we have been offended or have experienced an injustice .
At such times , a good question to ask ourselves is , ‘ What would Jesus do ? ’
A sister named Leigh found that considering this question helped her to think before acting .
She relates : “ Once , a coworker sent an e - mail to my colleagues with negative comments about me and the work I was doing .
It hurt me deeply .
But then I asked myself , ‘ How can I imitate Jesus in dealing with this person ? ’
After reflecting on what Jesus would have done , I decided to let the matter go and not make an issue of it .
Later , I learned that my coworker had been coping with a serious health problem and was under a lot of stress .
I concluded that she probably did not really mean what she wrote .
Reflecting on Jesus ’ example of showing love even when provoked helped me to show similar love to my coworker . ”
Yes , if we imitate Jesus , we will always act with love .
Third , cultivate the spirit of self - sacrificing love , which is the identifying mark of true Christianity .
In this regard , the Scriptures urge us to develop the same “ mental attitude ” that Jesus had .
By leaving heaven , “ he emptied himself ” in our behalf , even “ to the point of death . ”
As we imitate his self - sacrificing love , our thoughts and feelings will become more Christlike , and we will be moved to place the interests of others ahead of our own .
What further benefits come from cultivating love ?
When we show love , the benefits are far - reaching .
Consider two examples :
How do we benefit from showing love ?
AN INTERNATIONAL BROTHERHOOD : Because of our love for one another , we know that no matter what congregation we may visit throughout the earth , the brothers and sisters will warmly welcome us .
What a blessing it is to be loved by ‘ the entire association of our brothers in the world ’ !
Where else but among God’s people can such love be found ?
PEACE : “ Putting up with one another in love ” allows us to enjoy “ the uniting bond of peace . ”
We experience this peace firsthand at our congregation meetings , assemblies , and conventions .
Would you not agree that such a peaceful spirit is truly unique in today’s divided world ?
By pursuing peace with others , we demonstrate the depth of our love for them , which is pleasing to our heavenly Father . ​ — Ps .
133 : 1 - 3 ; Matt .
5 : 9 .
Paul wrote : “ Love builds up . ”
How does love do this ?
In the 13th chapter of Paul’s first letter to the Corinthians ​ — in what has been called the “ Psalm of Love ” — ​ the apostle explains how love builds up .
For one thing , it seeks the other person’s advantage .
Additionally , because love is thoughtful , considerate , patient , and kind , it builds affectionate families and united congregations . ​ — Col .
3 : 14 .
Our shared love for God is the most valuable and upbuilding love of all .
Such love unites people of all backgrounds , races , and tongues in happy association to serve Jehovah “ shoulder to shoulder . ”
Let us be determined to show this precious aspect of the fruitage of God’s holy spirit every day .
This is the first article of a nine - part series that will consider each quality , or aspect , of the fruitage of the spirit .
FROM OUR ARCHIVES
IT IS late November 1932 in Mexico City .
Just a week earlier , the first electric traffic lights had made an appearance in this bustling city of over one million inhabitants .
But now the traffic signals were old news .

The city’s reporters have moved on to this week’s event .
With cameras ready , they are at the train station , awaiting the arrival of a special guest ​ — Joseph F .
Rutherford , then president of the Watch Tower Society .
Local Witnesses are also on hand with a hearty welcome for Brother Rutherford , who has come to attend their three - day national convention .
“ Beyond question , ” The Golden Age stated , “ this convention will go down in history as an event of outstanding importance in the onward march of Truth in the republic of Mexico . ”
But what made this convention , attended by only about 150 people , so noteworthy ?
Before that event , there was little Kingdom fruitage in Mexico .
Since 1919 , small assemblies were held , but the number of congregations actually decreased in subsequent years .
The opening of a branch office in Mexico City in 1929 seemed promising .
There were hindrances , however .
When instructed to stop mixing commercial business with the preaching work , one resentful colporteur quit and formed his own Bible study group .
Meanwhile , the branch overseer engaged in unscriptural conduct and had to be replaced .
Loyal Witnesses in Mexico needed a spiritual boost .
During his visit , Brother Rutherford gave these faithful ones great encouragement , delivering two stirring convention talks and five powerful radio lectures .
For the first time , Mexican radio stations carried the good news throughout the country .
After the convention , a newly appointed branch overseer organized the work , and zealous Witnesses went ahead with renewed strength and with Jehovah’s blessing .
1941 convention , Mexico City
The following year saw not one but two conventions held in the country , one in the port city of Veracruz and one in Mexico City .
Hard work in the field began yielding fine results .
In 1931 there were 82 publishers .
Ten years later , there were ten times as many !
Some 1,000 came to Mexico City for the 1941 Theocratic Assembly .
In 1943 the Witnesses put on sandwich signs to advertise the “ Free Nation’s ” Theocratic Assembly held in 12 Mexican cities .
* Two placards were attached at the shoulders and hung , one in front and one behind , an advertising method that had been in use by Witnesses since 1936 .
A 1944 magazine clipping showing a sandwich - sign parade in Mexico City
Commenting on the success of the sandwich - sign parade in Mexico City , the magazine La Nación stated : “ The first [ assembly ] day , [ the Witnesses ] were asked to invite more people .
The following day , they had outgrown the venue . ”
The impact of these parades did not please the Catholic Church , which led a campaign against the Witnesses .
Despite opposition , fearless brothers and sisters kept taking to the streets .
La Nación also reported : “ The whole city saw them . . . men ​ — and women — ​ transformed into advertising ‘ sandwiches . ’ ”
The article featured a picture of brothers on the streets of Mexico City .
Below the picture was the caption : “ Invasion of the streets . ”
In those years , most Witnesses had to make great personal sacrifices to attend the few conventions held in Mexico .
Many delegates came from isolated rural villages , beyond the reach of trains or even roads .
One congregation wrote , “ The only line that passes near this place is a telegraph line . ”
Thus , delegates had to ride mules or walk for days just to reach a train that would take them to the convention city .
Most Witnesses were poor , barely able to pay for a one - way trip to the convention .
On arriving , many stayed with local Witnesses , who lovingly opened their homes to their brothers .
Others slept in Kingdom Halls .
On one occasion , about 90 delegates stayed at the branch , where they had “ as beds 20 cartons of books apiece , in rows . ”
The Yearbook account commented that the grateful guests found these “ beds softer and warmer than the cement floor . ”
For those appreciative Witnesses , gathering in joyful Christian assembly was unquestionably worth all the sacrifices .
Today , as the number of publishers in Mexico steadily climbs toward the one million mark , that grateful spirit still prevails .
* A 1949 branch report from Mexico stated about the brothers : “ The difficult times they have do not dampen their Theocratic spirit because each assembly we have is one of their main topics of conversation for a long time afterward and the question the brethren continually ask is , When are we going to have another assembly ? ”
That report is as true today as it was back then . ​ — From our archives in Central America .
According to the 1944 Yearbook , this assembly “ put Jehovah’s witnesses on the map in Mexico . ”
In Mexico , 2,262,646 people attended the Memorial in 2016 .
Matthew’s account about the events related to Jesus ’ birth and early life differs somewhat from Luke’s account because the Gospel writers told the events from different perspectives .
Matthew’s account focuses on events that involved Joseph .
It relates Joseph’s initial reaction to Mary’s pregnancy , his dream in which an angel explained the situation , and the acceptance of that explanation .
Matthew goes on to tell about Joseph’s dream in which an angel urged him to flee to Egypt , his flight with his family , his dream in which an angel told him to return to the land of Israel , his return , and his decision to settle his family in Nazareth .
In the opening chapters of Matthew’s Gospel , Joseph’s name is mentioned eight times , but Mary’s , only four .
On the other hand , Luke’s account is much more focused on Mary .
It includes Mary’s being visited by the angel Gabriel , her visit to her relative Elizabeth , and Mary’s expression of praise to Jehovah .
Luke also mentions Simeon’s words to Mary regarding Jesus ’ future sufferings .
Even in the account of her family’s visit to the temple when Jesus was 12 years old , Luke quotes the words of Mary , not those of Joseph .
Luke adds that Mary was deeply affected by all these events .
In the first two chapters of Luke’s Gospel , Mary’s name is mentioned 12 times , but Joseph’s , only 3 .
So , then , Matthew describes more of Joseph’s concerns and activities while Luke gives more details about Mary’s role and experiences .
Likewise , the genealogies supplied by the two Gospel writers differ .
Matthew traces Joseph’s ancestry and shows that Jesus as Joseph’s adopted son was the legal heir to David’s kingship .
Why ?
Because Joseph was a descendant of King David through the line of David’s son Solomon .
However , Luke evidently traces Mary’s ancestry and shows that Jesus was the natural heir , “ according to the flesh , ” to David’s kingship .
Why ?
Because Mary was a descendant of King David through the line of David’s son Nathan .
But why does Luke not list Mary in his genealogy as the daughter of Heli , her father ?
Because official genealogies were generally traced through the men .
So when Luke lists Joseph and describes him as the son of Heli , it was understood to mean that Joseph was Heli’s son - in - law . ​ — Luke 3 : 23 .
The genealogical lists by Matthew and Luke clearly establish that Jesus was the foretold Messiah .
In fact , the truth about Jesus ’ genealogy was so well - known that even the Pharisees and Sadducees could not deny it .
Today , both Matthew’s and Luke’s genealogical records remain a part of the foundation of our faith and a testimony to the sureness of the promises of God .
3 Cultivate Self - Control
Jehovah is the supreme example of self - control .
How can humans imitate him in exercising this quality ?
And what practical steps can you take to strengthen your self - control ?
8 Imitate Jehovah’s Compassion
What does it mean to be compassionate ?
Both Jehovah and Jesus have set perfect examples of exercising this quality .
In what practical ways , though , can we imitate their examples ?
And what good results can we obtain from doing so ?
13 Life Story ​ — I Have Been Blessed to Work With Spiritual Men
18 “ The Word of Our God Endures Forever ”
23 “ The Word of God . . .
Exerts Power ”
Why is it significant that the Bible continues to be available in more and more languages ?
And how can we show our appreciation for having access to God’s Word in a language we can understand ?
These articles will deepen our gratitude for the Bible as well as our love for its Author .
28 “ Be Courageous . . . and Go to Work ”
Courage is essential for Christians .
How can we benefit from the example of those who in the past displayed this quality ?
How can young ones , parents , older sisters , and baptized brothers show that they are courageous and ready to perform good works ?
“ The fruitage of the spirit is . . . self - control . ” ​ — GAL .
5 : 22 , 23 .
SONGS : 121 , 36
What should we learn from God’s reaction to rebellion ?
What are some Bible examples of self - control and a lack of it ?
How can Bible study help us to cultivate the godly quality of self - control ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What can result from a lack of self - control ?
( b ) Why is the topic of self - control relevant today ?
SELF - CONTROL is a godly quality .
Jehovah possesses self - control in perfect measure .
Humans , however , are imperfect and therefore struggle to maintain self - control .
Indeed , many of the problems that people face today stem from a lack of self - control .
That lack may result in procrastination and underperformance in school or at work .
It may also lead to verbal abuse , drunkenness , violence , divorce , needless debt , addiction , imprisonment , emotional trauma , sexually transmitted disease , and unwanted pregnancy , to name a few . ​ — Ps . 34 : 11 - 14 .
Clearly , people who lack self - control are causing problems for themselves and for others .
And the problem of lacking self - control is worsening .
Self - discipline was studied in the 1940 ’ s , but recent studies have shown that people have become much worse at exercising self - discipline .
This is no surprise to students of God’s Word because the Bible foretold that one evidence that we are living in “ the last days ” is that men would be “ without self - control . ” ​ — 2 Tim .
3 : 1 - 3 .
Why should Christians want to cultivate self - control ?
Why should you be interested in cultivating self - control ?
Consider two important reasons .
First , it has been observed that people who are able to control their impulses generally have fewer major problems .
They are more stable emotionally , they are better at forming wholesome relationships , and they are not as angry and prone to anxiety and depression as are impulsive people .
Second , the ability to resist temptation and to control inappropriate impulses is fundamental to retaining God’s favor .
The failure of Adam and Eve illustrates this truth .
And think of the sad results reaped by others who since then have failed to exercise this important quality .
What should be encouraging to any who are struggling to exercise self - control ?
No imperfect human can exercise perfect self - control .
Jehovah is aware of his servants ’ struggles in this regard , and he wants to help them dominate their sinful tendencies .
As a loving Friend , he warmly encourages sincere individuals who want to serve him but who have a hard time exercising self - control in some area of life .
Let us consider Jehovah’s perfect example .
Then we will learn from good examples and bad ones recounted in the Bible .
And we can review practical suggestions that can help us to strengthen our self - control .
5 , 6 .
What example does Jehovah provide regarding self - control ?
Jehovah exercises the quality of self - control perfectly , for he is perfect in all that he does .
We , however , are imperfect .
Even so , in order to understand the quality of self - control , we need to examine Jehovah’s example so that we can better imitate him .
What are some noteworthy instances when Jehovah displayed self - control ?
Think about how Jehovah exercised self - control in dealing with Satan’s brazen rebellion . That challenge needed to be met .
The Devil’s challenge no doubt aroused indignation , anger , and contempt among heavenly creatures loyal to God .
Perhaps you feel similar emotions when you consider all the suffering Satan has caused .
Jehovah , however , did not react hastily .
His response was measured and entirely fitting .
He has been slow to anger and has been just in dealing with Satan’s revolt .
Why ?
Jehovah has allowed time to pass because he does not want anyone to be destroyed but “ desires all to attain to repentance . ” ​ — 2 Pet . 3 : 9 .
What can we learn from Jehovah’s example ?
Jehovah’s exercise of self - control teaches us that we too ought to weigh our words and consider our steps carefully ; we should not rush into things .
When you face an important issue , give yourself the time you need to act wisely .
Pray for wisdom to say or do the right thing . In the heat of the moment , it is all too easy to react emotionally .
Many of us have lived to regret hasty words or rash actions ! ​ — Prov .
14 : 29 ; 15 : 28 ; 19 : 2 .
( a ) Where can we look for examples of godly qualities ?
( b ) What enabled Joseph to respond as he did when Potiphar’s wife tried to seduce him ?
( See opening picture . )
What Bible examples underscore the value of controlling our reactions ?
You can no doubt recall several Bible characters who exercised appropriate restraint when tested .
One is Jacob’s son Joseph .
He showed restraint when he was serving in the house of Potiphar , the chief of Pharaoh’s guards .
Potiphar’s wife set her eyes on Joseph , who was “ well - built and handsome , ” and she tried to seduce him .
What prevented Joseph from succumbing to her repeated advances ?
No doubt , he took the time to consider what the consequences would be if he were to lower his guard .
And when the situation became critical , he fled from her .
He reasoned : “ How could I commit this great badness and actually sin against God ? ” ​ — Gen . 39 : 6 , 9 ; read Proverbs 1 : 10 .
How can you prepare yourself to resist temptations ?
What does Joseph’s example teach us ?
One thing is that we may need to flee from the temptation to break one of God’s laws .
In the past , some who are now Witnesses struggled with overeating , heavy drinking , smoking , drug abuse , sexual immorality , and the like .
Even after baptism , they may at times be tempted to return to their former practices .
Still , if you are ever tempted to break one of Jehovah’s laws , strengthen yourself by taking time to ponder the disastrous spiritual consequences that you could face for failing to restrain sinful impulses .
You can try to foresee situations in which temptations could likely present themselves and decide how you can avoid them .
Should you ever face such a test , ask Jehovah to give you the wisdom and self - control to resist .
10 , 11 . ( a ) What reality do many adolescents have to face at school ?
( b ) What can help young Christians to resist pressures to engage in wrong conduct ?
Many young Christians face a trial like Joseph’s .
Consider Kim .
Most of her classmates were sexually active , and after a typical weekend , they boasted of their latest sexual encounters .
Kim had no such stories to tell .
She admits that being different at times made her feel “ abandoned and alone ” and that her peers considered her stupid because she did not date .
Yet , Kim was wise enough to know that among many youths the temptation to engage in sex is great .
Schoolmates often asked whether she was still a virgin .
That gave her the opportunity to explain why she would not engage in sex .
We are proud of young Christians who are determined to resist pressure to share in sexual immorality , and Jehovah is proud of them too !

The Bible gives warning examples of individuals who lacked self - control concerning sexual conduct .
It also shows the sad consequences that can result from such uncontrolled behavior .
Anyone facing a situation similar to that of Kim would do well to ponder the case of the naive young man described in Proverbs chapter 7 .
Think , too , of the course Amnon took and the terrible outcome of his behavior .
Parents might help their children to develop self - control and wisdom in regard to romantic relationships by discussing the topic during family worship , using the Bible passages just mentioned .
( a ) How did Joseph restrain his emotions in dealing with his brothers ?
( b ) In what situations must we restrain our emotions ?
On another occasion , Joseph again set a fine example of self - control .
To understand what was in his brothers ’ hearts , Joseph concealed his identity when they appeared before him in Egypt to buy food .
And when his feelings were particularly intense , he withdrew to a private place to hide his tears .
If a fellow Christian or a loved one displays poor judgment , your showing restraint similar to that of Joseph might help you to avoid an impulsive reaction .
If you have disfellowshipped relatives , you may need to control your feelings in order to avoid unnecessary contact with them .
Self - restraint in such situations is not automatic , yet it is easier if we realize that our actions are in line with God’s example and in harmony with his counsel .
What lessons can we learn from accounts concerning King David ?
The Bible offers a notable example in King David .
He wielded great power but refrained from using it out of anger when provoked by Saul and Shimei .
That is not to say that David always controlled himself , as we know from his sin with Bath - sheba and his initial reaction to Nabal’s greed .
Nevertheless , we can learn valuable lessons from David .
First , overseers among God’s people need to be especially careful to exercise self - control so that they do not abuse their authority .
Second , no one can be complacent , thinking that he is safe from temptation . ​ — 1 Cor .


10 : 12 .
What experience did one brother have , and why are our reactions in similar situations important ?
What can you do to work on your self - control ?
Consider this real - life situation .
A vehicle rear - ended Luigi’s car .
Despite being in the wrong , the other driver insulted Luigi and tried to start a fight .
Luigi prayed , asked Jehovah to help him keep his composure , and tried to calm the other driver ​ — but to no avail .
Luigi made a note of the man’s insurance details and left while the man was still shouting .
A week later , Luigi was making a return visit on a woman and he learned that her husband was the other driver !
The man was embarrassed and apologized for his tirade .
He offered to contact Luigi’s insurance company to speed up the claim .
The man took part in the spiritual conversation and appreciated what was being said .
In hindsight , Luigi could see how important it was that he had kept calm after the accident and how detrimental it could have been had he lost his temper . ​ — Read 2 Corinthians 6 : 3 , 4 .
Keeping calm or losing our temper can directly or indirectly affect our Christian ministry ( See paragraph 14 )
15 , 16 .
How can Bible study help you and your family to cultivate self - control ?
Diligent and conscientious Bible study can help Christians to develop self - control .
Recall that God told Joshua : “ This book of the Law should not depart from your mouth , and you must read it in an undertone day and night , in order to observe carefully all that is written in it ; for then your way will be successful and then you will act wisely . ”
How is it that Bible study can help you to cultivate self - control ?
As we have just noted , the Scriptures contain accounts that vividly illustrate both the benefits and the consequences of our actions .
Jehovah had these accounts recorded for a purpose .
How wise it is to read them , meditate on them , and study them !
Try to grasp how they apply to you and your family .
Ask Jehovah to help you to apply his Word .
If you discern that you are deficient in some aspect of self - control , admit it .
Then pray about it , and strive to see how you can improve .
No doubt , research in our Christian publications can help you to locate relevant material that will further help you .
In what ways can parents help their children to develop self - control ?
How can you help your children to develop self - control ?
Parents know that this quality does not come naturally to young people .
And as is the case with all qualities that their children need to learn , parents should set the example .
So if you see that your children are struggling to control their impulses , ask yourself whether you are setting a fine example .
Do not minimize the good effect of your being regular in the field service , in attending meetings , and in conducting family worship . Do not be afraid to say no to your children’s requests if need be !
Jehovah set limits for Adam and Eve ​ — limits that could have instilled in them a proper regard for his authority . Similarly , parental discipline and example have the goal of teaching children self - control .
Love for God’s authority and respect for his standards are among the most precious things that you can cultivate in your children . ​ — Read Proverbs 1 : 5 , 7 , 8 .
Why can you be confident that good associations will prove to be a blessing ?
Certainly , whether you are a parent or not , you should not overlook the need to choose your associations wisely .
Seek the company of those who will encourage you to pursue worthwhile goals and avoid trouble .
Spiritually - minded associates will have a positive influence on you , moving you to imitate their course of life marked by self - control .
And no doubt your good conduct will encourage your friends .
The self - control that results is fundamental to your enjoying everyday life in God’s favor and to sharing good things with your loved ones .
“ Jehovah , Jehovah , a God merciful and compassionate . ” ​ — EX .
34 : 6 .
SONGS : 57 , 147
Why can it sometimes be a challenge to show compassion ?
How does Jehovah teach his people to manifest compassion ?
In what circumstances can you exercise the godly quality of compassion ?
In what special way did Jehovah reveal himself to Moses , and why is this significant ?
ON ONE occasion , God revealed himself to Moses by declaring His own name and qualities .
The first ones that he listed were mercy and compassion .
( Read Exodus 34 : 5 - 7 . )
Jehovah could have stressed his power or his wisdom . Yet , to Moses , who was seeking reassurance of God’s backing , Jehovah emphasized instead qualities that underscore his willingness to help his servants .
Do you not find it heartwarming that God mentioned these endearing traits ahead of any others ?
This article will focus on the quality of compassion , a sympathetic awareness of another’s suffering or adversity coupled with a desire to lessen it .
2 , 3 . ( a ) What shows that compassion is part of human nature ?
( b ) Why should you be interested in what the Bible says about compassion ?
Humans were made in God’s image . Accordingly , because Jehovah is compassionate , interest in others ’ well - being is rooted in human nature .
Even those who do not know the true God often show compassion .
We find many accounts in the Bible where a sense of compassion shines through .
Recall the account of the two prostitutes who argued before Solomon over which one of them was the actual mother of a child .
When Solomon put them to the test by ordering that the baby be cut in half , the real mother’s compassion was stirred .
That moved her to act , even at the cost of giving the child up to the other woman .
Or recall Pharaoh’s daughter who saved baby Moses ’ life .
Though she realized that the infant she had found was a child of the Hebrews and should not be kept alive , “ she felt compassion for him ” and decided to raise the child as her own . ​ — Ex .
2 : 5 , 6 .
Why should the topic of compassion interest you ?
Because the Bible urges you to imitate Jehovah .
Yet , while humans were created to be compassionate , our imperfection as descendants of Adam inclines us toward self - interest .
Sometimes we may find that it is not easy to decide whether we will help others or concentrate on ourselves .
For some , this is an ongoing conflict , or a balancing act .
What can help you to develop and maintain your interest in others ?
First , take time to examine how Jehovah has shown compassion and how others have shown it .
Second , consider how you can imitate God’s example and how your doing so is truly beneficial .
( a ) Why did Jehovah send angels to Sodom ?
( b ) What does the account about Lot and his daughters teach us ?
We find many instances where Jehovah’s compassion must have been involved .
Think of what God did for Lot . That righteous man was “ greatly distressed ” by the brazen conduct of the inhabitants of Sodom and Gomorrah .
Indeed , God determined that those immoral people deserved to die .
God sent angels to rescue Lot .
They urged him and his family to flee from the doomed cities .
“ When he kept lingering , then because of Jehovah’s compassion for him , the [ angels ] seized hold of his hand and the hand of his wife and the hands of his two daughters , and they brought him out and stationed him outside the city . ”
Does that example not indicate that Jehovah is fully aware of the difficult situations in which his faithful people sometimes find themselves ? ​ — Isa .
63 : 7 - 9 ; Jas . 5 : 11 , ftn . ; 2 Pet .
2 : 9 . How does God’s Word , such as at 1 John 3 : 17 , help us learn to show compassion ?
Not only has Jehovah shown compassion but he has also taught his people the need to display that quality .
Consider the law given to Israel regarding the seizing of a man’s garment as security for a loan .
( Read Exodus 22 : 26 , 27 . )
A hard - hearted lender might have been tempted to seize the debtor’s garment , leaving him without a covering in which to sleep .
Yet , Jehovah taught his people to avoid such an unfeeling attitude and course .
His people were to be compassionate .
Does not the principle reflected in that particular law move us to action ?
Would we want to leave our brothers out in the cold , so to speak , if there is something that we can do to relieve their suffering ? ​ — Col .
3 : 12 ; Jas . 2 : 15 , 16 ; read 1 John 3 : 17 .
What lesson can we draw from Jehovah’s persistent efforts to reform the sinful Israelites ?
Jehovah felt compassion for his people Israel even when they sinned .
We read : “ Jehovah the God of their forefathers kept warning them by means of his messengers , warning them again and again , because he felt compassion for his people and for his dwelling place . ”
Should we not feel similar compassion for people who could potentially repent over a sinful life course and gain God’s favor ?
Jehovah does not want any to be destroyed in the coming judgment .
So until God acts to destroy the wicked , let us continue to proclaim his compassionate warning message .
7 , 8 .
Why did one family believe that Jehovah had exercised compassion toward them ?
Many experiences could be used to illustrate God’s acts of compassion .
Consider what happened to the family of a 12 - year - old lad whom we will call Milan .
It was during a time of ethnic strife in the early 1990 ’ s .
Milan , his brother , his parents , and a number of other Witnesses were riding on a bus from Bosnia to Serbia .
They were on their way to a convention at which Milan’s parents intended to get baptized .
But at the border , soldiers pulled the family off the bus because of their ethnicity ; yet , they allowed the other brothers to proceed .
After holding the family for two days , the officer in charge radioed his superior to ask what should be done with them .
The officer was standing right in front of the family , so all heard the response , “ Just take them out and shoot them ! ”
As the officer spoke to his men , two strangers came up to the family and quietly identified themselves as Witnesses .
They had heard of the crisis from others on the bus .
The two told Milan and his brother to get into their car to cross the border , as the children’s papers were not being checked .
The newcomers then told the parents to walk around the back of the border post and meet them on the other side .
Milan did not know whether to laugh or to cry at this suggestion .
“ Do you think they are just going to let us walk off ? ”
his parents asked . Yet , as they walked away , it seemed as if the soldiers were staring right through them .
The parents and children were reunited on the other side of the border .
They proceeded to the convention city , convinced that Jehovah had answered their desperate prayers for help .
We know from the Bible that there have been times when Jehovah did not directly intervene to protect his servants .
Yet , Milan shares how he felt . He says , “ It seemed to me that the angels blinded the soldiers and that Jehovah rescued us . ” ​ — Ps . 97 : 10 .
How did Jesus respond to the condition of the crowds who followed him ?
( See opening picture . )
We can learn a lesson from Jesus .
He felt compassion for the crowds he met , for “ they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd . ”
How did he react to their pitiful state ?
“ He started to teach them many things . ”


10 , 11 .
Is compassion always appropriate ?
Explain .
That is not to say that compassion is to be shown in every situation .

God’s compassion was appropriate in the Bible examples mentioned above .
However , King Saul was disobedient when he showed what he may have felt was compassion .
He spared the life of Agag , an enemy of God’s people , and he also spared the best of the flock .
Consequently , Jehovah rejected Saul from being king over Israel .
Jehovah , of course , is the righteous Judge .
He can read people’s hearts , and he knows when compassion is not warranted .
The time is coming when he will execute judgment on all those who refuse to obey him .
That will not be the time for him to show compassion for those whom he has judged to be wicked .
Rather , executing them will be an appropriate expression of God’s compassion for the righteous , whom he will preserve .
Clearly , it is not our role to judge whether people should be executed or preserved alive .
Instead , we need to do all we can now to help people .
So how can we manifest fitting compassion for our fellow man in practical ways ?
Consider a number of suggestions .
How can you show a compassionate attitude in your dealings with others ?
Be helpful in everyday life .
Showing compassion for one’s neighbor and Christian brothers is a basic requirement of those who strive to imitate Jesus .
One meaning of compassion is “ to suffer together . ”
A person who shows compassion is moved to relieve others ’ suffering , perhaps by helping them out of their difficulties .
Seek opportunities to do so !
For example , could you help someone by offering to perform a necessary chore , maybe running an errand for him ? ​ — Matt .
7 : 12 .
Show your compassion for others by offering practical help ( See paragraph 12 )
What qualities of God’s people become particularly evident in the aftermath of disasters ?
Share in relief work .
The sufferings of those struck by disasters move many to manifest compassion .
Jehovah’s people are known for coming forward to help in such times of need .
One Japanese sister lived in an area that was seriously damaged by the earthquake and tsunami of 2011 .
She says that she was “ very encouraged and comforted ” by the efforts of the many volunteers from elsewhere in Japan and from overseas to repair property damage .
She writes : “ This experience helped me to realize that Jehovah cares .
And fellow Witnesses care about one another .
Many brothers and sisters all over the world are praying for us . ”
How can you assist the sick and the elderly ?
Assist the sick and the elderly .
When we see others experiencing the effects of Adamic sin , we are rightly moved to show compassion .
We long to see sickness and aging brought to an end . So we pray for God’s Kingdom to come .
In the meantime , we do what we can to assist those in need .
Consider what one author wrote about his elderly mother , who suffered from Alzheimer’s disease .
One day , she soiled her clothes .
As she was trying to clean up , the doorbell rang .
The visitors turned out to be two Witnesses who regularly called on the woman .
The sisters asked if there was anything they could do to help .
“ It is embarrassing but yes , ” the woman replied .
The visitors helped her to clean up .
Then they made her a cup of tea and stayed for a chat . The son was most grateful .
“ Hats off to these Witnesses , ” he wrote .
“ They practice what they preach . ”
Does your compassion for the sick and the elderly move you to do all you can to lessen their suffering ? ​ — Phil .
2 : 3 , 4 .
What important opportunities does our preaching work offer ?
Help people spiritually .
People’s problems and worries move us to want to help them spiritually .
The best way we can do that is by teaching them about God and about what his Kingdom will do for mankind .
Another way is by helping them to see the wisdom of living by godly standards .
Could you increase the share you are having in the ministry , a work that truly honors Jehovah and manifests your compassion for others ? ​ — 1 Tim .
2 : 3 , 4 .
How does a compassionate person benefit himself ?
Mental - health experts say that practicing compassion can improve your health , well - being , and relationships .
When you relieve the suffering of others , you will feel happier , more optimistic , less lonely , and less inclined to think negative thoughts .
Yes , your showing compassion will benefit you .
Christians who lovingly seek to help others are rewarded with a good conscience , knowing that they are acting in harmony with godly principles .
Having such a disposition makes for a more caring parent , a better spouse , and a better friend .
Those who are quick to show compassion are , in turn , more likely to receive help and support when they need it . ​ — Read Matthew 5 : 7 ; Luke 6 : 38 .
Why do you want to cultivate and show compassion ?
Knowing that compassion is good for you should not be your main reason for wanting to cultivate it .
The principal reason should be your desire to imitate and glorify the Source of love and compassion , Jehovah God .
He sets the perfect example for us .
May we do all we can , then , to imitate him ​ — to promote warm affection among our brothers and good relations with our neighbors by showing compassion . ​ — Gal .
6 : 10 ; 1 John 4 : 16 .
LIFE STORY
As told by David Sinclair
IN THE mid - 1930 ’ s , my father and mother ​ — James and Jessie Sinclair — ​ moved to the Bronx , a borough of New York City .
One of their new acquaintances was Willie Sneddon , who came from Scotland , as they did .
Within minutes of their first encounter , the three were talking about their families .
That was a couple of years before I was born .
Mother told Willie that shortly before the Great War , her father and her older brother drowned when their fishing boat hit a mine in the North Sea .
Willie responded , “ Your father is in hell ! ”
Willie was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , and this was my mother’s shocking introduction to Bible truth .
Willie and Liz Sneddon
What Willie said upset my mother because she knew that her father was a good man .
But Willie added , “ Would it do any good if I told you that Jesus went to hell ? ”
Mother recalled the church creed , which in its original form stated that Jesus descended into hell and was raised on the third day .
So she wondered , ‘ If hell is a fiery place where the wicked are tormented , why did Jesus go there ? ’
This was the beginning of my mother’s interest in the truth .
She began attending meetings with the Bronx Congregation and got baptized in 1940 .
With my mother , and later with my father
At that time , Christian parents were given no special encouragement to study the Bible with their children .
When I was a toddler , my father would care for me while my mother attended meetings and shared in the witnessing work on weekends .
After a few years , he and I began attending meetings with my mother .
She was very active in preaching the good news and conducted several Bible studies with interested people .
In fact , there was a time when she held some of her studies as a group because her students lived quite near to one another .
I accompanied her in field service during my school vacations .
In that way , I learned a lot about the Bible and how to teach others what it says .
I am sorry to say that when I was little , I didn’t fully appreciate the truth .
I took it for granted .
However , when I was about 12 , I became a Kingdom publisher and regularly shared in the field ministry from then on .
At the age of 16 , I dedicated my life to Jehovah , getting baptized on July 24 , 1954 , at a convention in Toronto , Canada .
Some brothers in our congregation were or had been members of the Bethel family .
They had a strong influence on me .
Their abilities in speaking and explaining Bible truths impressed me .
Although my schoolteachers wanted me to attend university , my goal was to go to Bethel .
Therefore , I turned in a Bethel application at that convention in Toronto .
I did so again in 1955 at a convention in Yankee Stadium , New York City .
Not long thereafter , when I was 17 years old , I received an invitation to start serving at Brooklyn Bethel on September 19 , 1955 .
On my second day at Bethel , I began working in the Bindery at 117 Adams Street .
I was soon working on a gathering machine , which assembled 32 - page sections of books to get them ready for a machine that sewed the books .
At age 17 , I began my service at Brooklyn Bethel
After about a month in the Bindery , I was sent to the Magazine Department because I knew how to type .
Back then , brothers and sisters typed address stencils ( small metal plates ) for new subscribers to The Watchtower and Awake !

A few months later , I was working in the Shipping Department .
Klaus Jensen , the department overseer , asked me if I would be willing to accompany the driver who was taking cartons of literature by truck to the docks for shipping worldwide .

There were also sacks of magazines to be brought to the post office for mailing to congregations throughout the United States .
Brother Jensen said that he thought the physical work would do me good .
I weighed only about 125 pounds ( 57 kg ) and was as skinny as a rail .
Those trips to the docks and the post office helped to strengthen me physically .
Brother Jensen evidently knew what was good for me !
The Magazine Department also filled congregation requests for magazines . Thus I learned about languages in which our magazines were printed in Brooklyn and sent to other parts of the world .
I had never heard of many of the languages but was happy to know that tens of thousands of magazines were being sent to far - flung places .
Though I did not know it at the time , I would have the privilege of visiting many of those places in the years to come .
With Robert Wallen , Charles Molohan , and Don Adams
In 1961 , I was assigned to work in the Treasurer’s Office under the oversight of Grant Suiter .
After a couple of years there , I was called to the office of Nathan Knorr , who was then taking the lead in our worldwide work .
He explained that one of the brothers working in his office was going to attend the Kingdom Ministry School for a month , after which he would work in the Service Department .
I was assigned to take his place and work alongside Don Adams .
By coincidence , Don was the brother who had accepted my Bethel application at the 1955 convention .
Two other brothers already working in the same office were Robert Wallen and Charles Molohan .
The four of us worked together for over 50 years .
What a joy it has been to serve with such faithful spiritual men ! ​ — Ps . 133 : 1 .
My first zone visit in Venezuela , in 1970
Starting in 1970 , I was assigned to travel for a few weeks every year or two to visit a number of branch offices of the Watch Tower Society , making what were then called zone visits .
This involved visiting Bethel families and missionaries worldwide , giving spiritual encouragement , and checking branch office records .
What a joy it was to meet some who had graduated from the early classes of Gilead School and were still serving faithfully in their foreign assignments !
It has been a privilege and a delight to visit over 90 countries in connection with that work .
What a delight to visit brothers in over 90 countries !
All Bethel family members in Brooklyn were assigned to congregations in the New York City area .
The one that I was assigned to was in the Bronx .
The first congregation in that borough had grown and divided .
That original one became known as the Upper Bronx Congregation , which I attended .
In the mid - 1960 ’ s , a Latvian family of Witnesses who had come into the truth in the south Bronx moved into the territory of that congregation .
Livija , the eldest daughter , became a regular pioneer as soon as she finished high school .
A few months later , she moved to Massachusetts to serve where the need for Kingdom publishers was greater .
I began writing to her with news about the congregation , and she would write back to tell me of her success in the ministry in the Boston area .
With Livija
A few years later , Livija was appointed to be a special pioneer .
She wanted to do as much as she could in Jehovah’s service , so she applied for Bethel and was invited to come in 1971 .
It seemed that this might be a hint from Jehovah !
On October 27 , 1973 , we got married and were privileged to have Brother Knorr deliver our wedding talk .
Proverbs 18 : 22 says : “ The one who finds a good wife has found something good , and he receives Jehovah’s favor . ”
Livija and I have thus been favored with over 40 years together in Bethel service .
And we continue to support a congregation in the same general area of the Bronx .
Working with Brother Knorr was truly a pleasure .
He was a tireless worker for the truth and had tremendous appreciation for the missionaries around the world .
Many of them were the first Witnesses in the countries to which they were assigned .
It was very sad to see Brother Knorr suffer from cancer in 1976 .
Once , when he was bedridden , he asked me to read to him some material that was being processed for printing .
He asked me to call Frederick Franz so that he too could come and listen to the reading .
I later found out that because of Brother Franz ’ failing eyesight , Brother Knorr had been spending considerable time reading such material to him .
On a zone visit with Daniel and Marina Sydlik in 1977
Brother Knorr died in 1977 , but those who knew and loved him were comforted because he had finished his earthly course faithfully .
Thereafter , Brother Franz took the lead in our work .
By that time , I was doing secretarial duties for Milton Henschel , who had worked with Brother Knorr for decades .
Brother Henschel informed me that my foremost responsibility at Bethel would now be to help Brother Franz in any way needed .
I would regularly read material to him before it was printed .
Brother Franz had a remarkable memory and the amazing ability to concentrate totally on what was being read .
What a joy it was to help him in that way until he finished his earthly course in December 1992 !
124 Columbia Heights , where I worked for decades
The 61 years that I have spent at Bethel have passed quickly .
My parents both died faithful to Jehovah , and I look forward to welcoming them back in a much better world .
Nothing that this old system of things offers can compare with the wonderful privilege of working with faithful men and women in behalf of God’s people around the world .
Livija and I can truthfully say that during our years in full - time service , “ the joy of Jehovah [ has been our ] stronghold . ” ​ — Neh .
8 : 10 .
No human is indispensable in Jehovah’s organization , and the work of spreading Kingdom truths continues .
It has been a joy and a privilege to work with many stalwart and loyal brothers and sisters over the years .
Most of the anointed ones with whom I have worked are no longer here on earth .
But I am grateful to have been a companion of such faithful spiritual ones in Jehovah’s service .
“ Be courageous and strong and go to work . Do not be afraid or be terrified , for Jehovah . . . is with you . ” ​ — 1 CHRON .
28 : 20 .
SONGS : 38 , 34 How can young ones and their parents show courage ?
What courage may be needed on the part of older sisters ?
How can baptized brothers show themselves courageous ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What important assignment did Solomon receive ?
( b ) Why did David express concern about Solomon ?
SOLOMON was instructed to oversee one of the most important construction projects of all time ​ — that of the temple in Jerusalem .
The building was to be “ exceedingly magnificent , so that its fame and beauty [ would ] be known in all lands . ”
More important , the temple would be “ the house of Jehovah the true God . ”
Jehovah directed that Solomon be the overseer of this project . ​ — 1 Chron . 22 : 1 , 5 , 9 - 11 .
King David was confident of God’s support , but Solomon was “ young and inexperienced . ”
Would he have the courage to take on the task of building the temple ?
Would his youth and inexperience be an obstacle ?
To succeed , Solomon would need to be courageous and go to work .
What could Solomon learn about courage from his father ?
Solomon likely learned much about courage from his own father .
In his youth , David fought wild animals that carried off his father’s sheep . He displayed tremendous courage when he confronted a battle - hardened giant .
Yes , with God’s help and a smooth stone , David defeated Goliath . ​ — 1 Sam .

17 : 45 , 49 , 50 .
Why did Solomon need to be courageous ?
How appropriate it was later for David to urge Solomon to be courageous and construct the temple !
( Read 1 Chronicles 28 : 20 . )
If Solomon did not prove to be courageous , fear could paralyze him , and inactivity would be worse than failure .
Why do we need courage ?
Like Solomon , we need help from Jehovah to be courageous and complete the work .
To that end , we can reflect on some past examples of courage .
And we can think about how we can show courage and get our work accomplished .
What impresses you about Joseph’s courage ?
Consider the courage Joseph showed when Potiphar’s wife tempted him to commit sexual immorality .
He must have known that he could face severe consequences if he refused her .
Even so , rather than give in , he showed courage and took decisive action . ​ — Gen .
39 : 10 , 12 .
Describe the courage that Rahab showed .
( See opening picture . )
Rahab is another example of courage .
When Israelite spies went to her home in Jericho , she could have given in to fear and turned them away .
But with confidence in Jehovah , she courageously hid the two men and helped them to get away safely .
Rahab accepted that Jehovah is the true God , and she trusted that somehow he would give the land to the Israelites .
She did not let fear of others , including the king of Jericho and his men , paralyze her .
Rather , she acted in a way that in the end preserved her and her family . ​ — Josh .

6 : 22 , 23 .
How did Jesus ’ courage affect the apostles ?
Jesus ’ faithful apostles set a fine example of courage .
They had seen the courage Jesus displayed .
That example helped them to build courage .
When opposed by the Sadducees , the apostles would not stop teaching on the basis of Jesus ’ name . ​ — Acts 5 : 17 , 18 , 27 - 29 .
How does 2 Timothy 1 : 7 help us to identify the fundamental source of courage ?
Joseph , Rahab , Jesus , and the apostles displayed an inner strength that motivated them to perform good works .
Their courage was not overconfidence .
It came from reliance on Jehovah .
We too face circumstances that require courage .
Rather than rely on ourselves , we must rely on Jehovah .
( Read 2 Timothy 1 : 7 . )
Let us consider two areas of life where we need courage : in our family and in the congregation .
Why do Christian youths need courage ?
Christian youths face many situations in which they need to show courage to serve Jehovah .
They can learn from and follow the basic example of Solomon as he showed courage in making wise decisions to complete the construction of the temple .
Though Christian youths can and should receive guidance from their parents , youths themselves have important decisions to make .
The wise decisions they make about good associations , wholesome entertainment , moral cleanness , and baptism all call for courage .
That is because such young ones are going against the will of Satan , the one who taunts God .
11 , 12 . ( a ) How did Moses set a fine example of courage ?
( b ) How can young ones imitate Moses ’ example ?
One important decision young ones must make involves their goals .
In some lands , young ones are pressured to set goals that center on higher education and a well - paying job .
In other lands , economic conditions may make young ones feel that they must focus on helping to provide materially for their families .
If you find yourself in either situation , consider the example of Moses .
Raised by the daughter of Pharaoh , Moses could have set his goals on attaining prominence or economic security .
What pressure he must have felt to do so from his Egyptian family , teachers , and counselors !
Rather than give in , Moses courageously took a stand for pure worship .
Once he left behind the riches of Egypt , Moses put his confidence in Jehovah .
That led to Jehovah’s blessing at the time , and no doubt more blessings await Moses in the future .
Likewise , Jehovah will bless young ones who courageously work at setting spiritual goals and putting Kingdom interests first in their lives .
He will help them provide for the needs of their families .
In the first century , the young man Timothy focused on spiritual goals , and you can too .
* ​ — Read Philippians 2 : 19 - 22 .
Are you resolved to be courageous in all aspects of your life ?
( See paragraphs 13 - 17 )
How did courage help a young sister reach her goals ?
A Christian sister in Alabama , U.S.A . , had to develop courage to set spiritual goals .
She writes : “ Growing up , I was really shy .
I could barely talk to people at the Kingdom Hall , much less knock on the doors of complete strangers . ”
With the help of her parents and others in the congregation , this young Christian achieved her goal of becoming a regular pioneer .
She states : “ Satan’s world promotes higher education , fame , money , and having a lot of material things as good goals .
Often , those pursuits are unattainable and bring only stress and heartache .
Serving Jehovah , though , has brought me the greatest happiness and sense of accomplishment . ”
What are some instances when Christian parents need courage ?
Christian parents also need courage .
For example , your employer may regularly ask you to work overtime on evenings and weekends ​ — times that you have set aside for family worship , field service , and Christian meetings .
Courage is required to turn down such regular requests and set the right example for your children .
Or perhaps a few parents in the congregation allow their children to do things that you do not want your child to do .
Those parents may ask why your child does not get involved in such activities .
Will you be courageous and tactfully explain the reason for your decision ?
How can Psalm 37 : 25 and Hebrews 13 : 5 help parents ?
We show courage when we help our children to set and reach spiritual goals .
For instance , some parents may hesitate to encourage their child to pursue a career of pioneering , to serve where the need is greater , to enter Bethel service , or to work on theocratic construction projects .
The parents may fear that their child will not be able to care for them when they are old .
However , wise parents show courage and put faith in Jehovah’s promises .
( Read Psalm 37 : 25 ; Hebrews 13 : 5 . )
Then an added way that you can demonstrate courage and reliance on Jehovah is by helping your child to do the same . ​ — 1 Sam .
1 : 27 , 28 ; 2 Tim .
3 : 14 , 15 .
How have some parents helped their children to set spiritual goals , and how has this proved beneficial ?
A couple in the United States helped their children set spiritual goals .
The husband explains : “ Before our children could walk and talk , we would speak to them about the joys of pioneering and serving the congregation .
Now this is their goal .
Having and achieving spiritual goals helps our children to counteract pressures from Satan’s system and to focus on what is real ​ — Jehovah . ”
A brother who has two children wrote : “ Many parents expend much effort and resources helping their children reach goals in such areas as sports , recreation , and education .
It makes so much more sense to expend effort and resources in helping our children reach goals that will help them to maintain a good standing with Jehovah .
It has been a great source of satisfaction not only to see our children reach spiritual goals but to share the journey with them . ”
You can be sure that God will bless parents who help their children to set and reach spiritual goals .
Give examples of courage in the Christian congregation .
There is also a need to show courage in the congregation .
For instance , elders need courage when caring for judicial matters or when helping those who face life - threatening medical emergencies .
Some elders visit prisons to care for the spiritual needs of inmates .
What of single sisters ?
There are now many opportunities for them to expand their ministry by pioneering , moving to where the need is greater , working with the Local Design / ​ Construction program , and applying for the School for Kingdom Evangelizers .
Some are even able to attend Gilead School .
How can older sisters show courage ?
Older women are a blessing to the congregation .
How we love these dear sisters !
Some may not be able to do as much as they once did in God’s service , but they can still show courage and go to work .
( Read Titus 2 : 3 - 5 . )
For example , an older sister needs courage if she is asked to talk to a younger sister about modest dress .
She will not scold the sister about her choice of clothing , but she may be able to encourage the younger one to consider how her choice of clothing may affect others .
Such loving expressions of concern may have a positive effect .
( a ) How can baptized brothers be courageous ?
( b ) How can Philippians 2 : 13 and 4 : 13 help brothers to develop courage ?
Others who should be courageous and go to work are baptized brothers .
Courageous men who are willing to take on more responsibility are a blessing to a congregation .
However , some may be reluctant to reach out .
Perhaps a brother has made mistakes in the past , and now he feels that he is not worthy of being a ministerial servant or an elder .
Another brother might have feelings of inadequacy about fulfilling an assignment .
If you feel that way , Jehovah can help you develop courage .
( Read Philippians 2 : 13 ; 4 : 13 . )
Remember , at one point , Moses did not feel qualified for an assignment .
Yet , Jehovah helped him , and in time , Moses developed courage to accomplish the work .
A baptized brother can develop similar courage by seeking God’s help in earnest prayer and by daily reading the Bible .
Meditating on accounts of courage will also help .
He can humbly ask the elders for training and make himself available to help in whatever way is needed .
We urge all baptized brothers to be courageous and work hard for the congregation !
20 , 21 . ( a ) What assurance did David provide Solomon ?
( b ) Of what can we be confident ?
King David reminded Solomon that Jehovah would be with him until the work of building the temple was finished .
With his father’s words impressed on his mind and heart , Solomon did not allow his youth and inexperience to become an obstacle .
He showed great courage , went to work , and with Jehovah’s help completed the magnificent temple in seven and a half years .
As Jehovah helped Solomon , he can help us to be courageous and to accomplish our work , both in our family and in the congregation .
When we show courage in our worship of Jehovah , we can be confident of his blessing now and in the future .
Therefore , “ be courageous . . . and go to work . ”
You will find some practical steps for setting spiritual goals outlined in the article “ Use Spiritual Goals to Glorify Your Creator , ” published in The Watchtower of July 15 , 2004 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Two couples share in public witnessing , using carts in front of one of the biggest malls in San Salvador
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ The green grass dries up , the blossom withers , but the word of our God endures forever . ” ​ — ISA .
40 : 8 .
SONGS : 95 , 97
changes in language ?
political developments ?
opposition to translation ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What would life be like without the Bible ?
( b ) We can benefit from God’s Word especially if what is true ?
CAN you imagine what your life would be like without the Bible ?
You would have no reliable advice for day - to - day living .
You would not have satisfying answers to questions about God , life , and the future .
And you would not know of Jehovah’s past dealings with the human family .
Thankfully , we do not face such a bleak situation .
Jehovah has provided us with his Word , the Bible .
And he has guaranteed that its message will endure forever .
The apostle Peter quoted Isaiah 40 : 8 .
That verse does not specifically refer to the Bible as we know it ; yet , the inspired words apply by extension to the Bible’s message .
( Read 1 Peter 1 : 24 , 25 . )
Of course , we can benefit from the Bible particularly if it is available in a language that we understand well .
Those who love God’s Word have long recognized that fact .
Although it has not always been easy , over the centuries sincere individuals have persevered in translating and distributing the Scriptures .
Their desire was in harmony with God’s will that “ all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth . ” ​ — 1 Tim .
2 : 3 , 4 .
What will we consider in this article ?
( See opening picture . )
In this article , we will consider examples of how God’s Word has endured ( 1 ) changes in language , ( 2 ) political developments that influenced the lingua franca , or common language , and ( 3 ) opposition to Bible translation .
How will we benefit from this review ?
It will deepen our appreciation for God’s Word .
It will also deepen our love for the Author of the Bible , who provided it for our benefit . ​ — Mic . 4 : 2 ; Rom .
15 : 4 . ( a ) How do languages change over time ?
( b ) What shows that our God is not partial toward any language group , and how does that make you feel ?
Over time , languages tend to change .
Words and expressions may come to mean something completely different .
Perhaps you can think of examples of how a language that you speak has changed .
The same is true of Hebrew and Greek , the languages that most of the Bible was written in .
Modern Hebrew and Greek are quite different from those languages back in Bible times .
So virtually everyone who wants to understand God’s Word must read a translation of it ​ — even those who know modern - day Hebrew or Greek .
Some have felt that they should learn ancient Hebrew and Greek so that they could read the Bible in the original languages .
That , however , may not be as profitable as they imagine .
* Thankfully , the Bible or portions of it have now been translated into nearly 3,000 languages .
Clearly , Jehovah wants people of “ every nation and tribe and language ” to have the opportunity to benefit from his Word .
( Read Revelation 14 : 6 , footnote . )
Does that not draw you even closer to our loving and impartial God ? ​ — Acts 10 : 34 .
What made the King James Version significant ?
The reality that languages change over time also applies to the languages into which the Bible has been translated .
A Bible translation that was easily understood when first produced may later become less effective .
Consider an example involving a Bible translation into English .
The King James Version was first produced in 1611 .
It became one of the most popular English Bibles , and it would come to have a significant impact on the English language .
* Notably , the King James Version drew only limited attention to God’s name .
It used “ Jehovah ” in a few verses , and it used the word “ LORD ” in capital letters in other verses in the Hebrew Scriptures where the divine name originally occurred .
Later printings also used the word “ LORD ” in capital letters in some verses in the Christian Greek Scriptures .
In that sense , the King James Version acknowledged the rightful place of God’s name in the so - called New Testament .
Why are we grateful for the New World Translation ?
Even so , much of the wording in the King James Version became archaic over the centuries .
The same is true of early Bible translations in other languages .
Are we not grateful , then , to have the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures ?
This translation is available in whole or in part in over 150 languages , thus being available to a vast part of the population today .
Its clear wording allows the message of God’s Word to reach our heart .
Significantly , the New World Translation restores God’s name to its rightful place in the Scriptures .
7 , 8 . ( a ) Why were many Jews in the third century B.C.E . unable to understand the Hebrew Scriptures ?
( b ) What is the Greek Septuagint ?
Political developments have sometimes influenced which language was the lingua franca , or common language , at any given time .
How has God seen to it that such developments do not make his Word unclear to people ?
An example from the past helps us to find the answer . The first 39 books of the Bible were written by Israelites , or the Jews .
They were the people initially “ entrusted with the sacred pronouncements of God . ”
However , by the third century B.C.E . , many Jews no longer understood Hebrew .
Why not ?
Because Alexander the Great had expanded the Grecian Empire by means of his conquests .
As that empire spread , Greek became the common language of many of its subjects , including Jews who were scattered over a vast area .
But as many Jews became Greek - speaking , understanding the Hebrew Scriptures became more difficult for most .
What was the solution ?
About the middle of the third century B.C.E . , the first five books of the Bible were translated from Hebrew into Greek .
Translation of the rest of the Hebrew Scriptures was completed in the second century B.C.E .
The resulting collection of Bible books came to be known as the Greek Septuagint .
The Septuagint is the first known written translation of the entire Hebrew Scriptures .
( a ) How did the Septuagint and other early translations affect readers of God’s Word ?
( b ) What is your favorite portion of the Hebrew Scriptures ?
The Septuagint did much to make the Hebrew Scriptures readable to Greek - speaking Jews and others .
Just think how thrilling it must have been for them to hear or read God’s Word in what had become their mother tongue !
In time , portions of the Bible were translated into other common languages , such as Syriac , Gothic , and Latin .
As readers considered the Holy Writings in a language they could understand , no doubt many came to have a favorite portion , just as we do today .
( Read Psalm 119 : 162 - 165 . )
Indeed , God’s Word has continued to endure despite changes to the common language .
Why did most people have virtually no access to the Bible in John Wycliffe’s time ?
At times , very powerful forces have tried to keep the Bible from the common people . However , sincere individuals have stood up to such opposition .
For example , consider a 14th - century theologian named John Wycliffe .
He strongly believed that everyone should be able to benefit from God’s Word .
But in his time , the common people in England had virtually no access to the Bible .
Why not ?
For one thing , most could not afford to own a Bible , as copies were handwritten and very expensive to produce .
Moreover , the majority of people were illiterate .
Of course , they may have heard passages read when they went to church . It is doubtful , though , that they would have understood what they heard .
Why ?
Because the official Church Bible ( the Vulgate ) was written in Latin .
Yet , in the Middle Ages , Latin was essentially a dead language among the common people !
How would the Bible’s precious treasures be unlocked for them ? ​ — Prov . 2 : 1 - 5 .
John Wycliffe and others desired to make God’s Word available to everyone .
Do you have such a desire ?
( See paragraph 11 )
What was the impact of the Wycliffe Bible ?
In 1382 , the English translation later known as the Wycliffe Bible was produced .
It quickly gained popularity among followers of Wycliffe .
Desiring to get God’s Word into the mind and heart of ordinary people , itinerant preachers , known as the Lollards , traveled on foot from village to village throughout England .
Often the Lollards read portions of the Wycliffe Bible to those whom they met , and they left handwritten copies behind .
Their efforts marked a real turning point , sparking a renewed interest in God’s Word among the people .
How did the clergy react to Wycliffe and his movement ?
What was the reaction of the clergy ?
They showed hatred for Wycliffe , his Bible , and his followers .
The religious authorities persecuted the Lollards and hunted down and destroyed as many copies of the Wycliffe Bible as they could find .
Even after his death , Wycliffe was declared a heretic .
Of course , it was not possible to punish someone who was no longer alive .
Still , the clergy had Wycliffe’s bones exhumed and burned and the ashes thrown into the river Swift .
But the Church was unable to halt the momentum of God’s Word among those who desired to read and understand it .
In the centuries that followed , many in Europe and other parts of the world began to promote translation and distribution of the Bible for the benefit of the common people .
Of what are we convinced , and how does this strengthen our faith ?
Christians today need not think that the work of translating the Septuagint , Wycliffe’s Bible , the King James Version , or any other translation was inspired by God .
Nevertheless , when we review the history of these and many other translations that have been published , it gives support to this fact : Just as Jehovah promised , his Word has endured .
Does that not strengthen your faith that all the other promises Jehovah has made will likewise come true ? ​ — Josh .
23 : 14 .
How does God’s Word deepen our love for him ?
Besides strengthening our faith , reviewing how the Bible has endured through the ages deepens our love for Jehovah .
* After all , why did he provide his Word in the first place ?
And why did he guarantee that it would survive ?
Because he loves us , and he wants to teach us how to benefit ourselves .
( Read Isaiah 48 : 17 , 18 . )
Naturally , it is fitting that we respond to Jehovah’s love by loving him in return and by obeying his commandments . ​ — 1 John 4 : 19 ; 5 : 3 .
What will we consider in the following article ?
It is only sensible to conclude that because we appreciate God’s Word , we will want to derive full benefit from it .
How can we get the most out of our personal Bible reading ?
What can help us to direct attention to the Bible in the ministry ?
How can those who teach from the platform make the Scriptures the focus of their teaching ?
We will consider the answers to those questions in the next article .
See the article “ Do You Need to Learn Hebrew and Greek ? ”
in the November 1 , 2009 , issue of The Watchtower .
A number of English idioms can be traced back to the King James Version .
Examples include : “ fell flat on his face , ” “ the skin of my teeth , ” and “ pour out your heart . ” ​ — Num . 22 : 31 ; Job 19 : 20 ; Ps . 62 : 8 .
Note the box “ See It for Yourself ! ”
On April 3 , 2017 , a Bible museum opened at our world headquarters in Warwick , New York , U.S.A .
The permanent gallery of this museum is entitled “ The Bible and the Divine Name . ”
The new museum also includes a rotational gallery that features rare Bibles and Bible - related artifacts .
We invite you to visit the Bible museum and the other museums located at headquarters .
Please go to www.jw.org to make a reservation for your visit .
Look under ABOUT US > OFFICES & TOURS .
“ The word of God is alive and exerts power . ” ​ — HEB .
4 : 12 .
SONGS : 96 , 94
in your personal life ?
in the ministry ?
when teaching from the platform ?
Why can there be no doubt that God’s Word exerts power ?
( See opening picture . )
AS Jehovah’s people , we have no doubt that God’s word , his message to humans , “ is alive and exerts power . ”
Many of us are living proof of the Bible’s power to change lives .
Some of our brothers and sisters were formerly thieves , drug addicts , or sexually immoral .
Others enjoyed a measure of success in this system of things but felt that something was missing in their life .
Time and again , individuals who seemed hopelessly lost found their way to the path of life by means of the Bible’s transforming power .
You have likely read and greatly enjoyed a number of these experiences as published in The Watchtower in the series “ The Bible Changes Lives . ”
And you have seen that even after accepting the truth , Christians continue to make spiritual progress with the help of the Scriptures .
How did God’s Word exert power in the first century ?
Should we be surprised that many in modern times have made remarkable changes as a result of studying God’s Word ?
Not at all ! Such experiences remind us of our first - century brothers and sisters , who had the heavenly hope .
( Read 1 Corinthians 6 : 9 - 11 . )
After listing a number of types of people who will not inherit God’s Kingdom , the apostle Paul added : “ That is what some of you were . ”
But they had changed with the help of the Scriptures and of God’s holy spirit .
Even after accepting the truth , some had to overcome serious spiritual problems .
The Bible mentions one anointed Christian in the first century who had to be disfellowshipped ; later , he was reinstated .
Do we not find it encouraging to consider the range of problems that our fellow believers have faced and that they have overcome by means of God’s Word ?
What will we consider in this article ?
Because God’s Word is such a powerful tool and we have it at our disposal , we surely want to make the best use of it .


In this article , we will therefore consider how we may more fully unleash the power of God’s Word ( 1 ) in our personal life , ( 2 ) when we share in the ministry , and ( 3 ) when we teach from the platform .
These reminders will help us to show our love and gratitude to our loving heavenly Father , who teaches us to benefit ourselves . ​ — Isa .
48 : 17 .
( a ) What is needed if God’s Word is to have an effect on us ?
( b ) How do you make time for Bible reading ?
If God’s Word is to have an effect on us , we need to read it regularly ​ — daily if possible .
Of course , most of us lead very busy lives .
Still , we cannot afford to let anything ​ — even legitimate responsibilities — ​ disrupt our Bible reading routine .
( Read Ephesians 5 : 15 , 16 . )
Many of Jehovah’s people have found creative ways to make time for daily Bible reading , whether at the start of their day or at the end or somewhere in between .
They feel as did the psalmist , who wrote : “ How I do love your law !
I ponder over it all day long . ” ​ — Ps . 119 : 97 .
5 , 6 . ( a ) Why is meditation important ?
( b ) How can we meditate effectively ?
( c ) How have you personally benefited from reading God’s Word and meditating on it ?
In addition to reading the Bible , it is important for us to meditate on what we read .
Only then will we be able to make the best personal application of its timeless wisdom .
Whether reading God’s Word in printed or electronic form , our goal should be to get it off the page and into our heart .
How can we meditate effectively ?
Many have found it helpful to pause after reading a portion of the Scriptures and consider such questions as the following : ‘ What does this tell me about Jehovah ?
In what ways am I already applying in my life the principle contained in this portion of God’s Word ?
In what areas could I improve ? ’
As we prayerfully meditate on God’s Word , we will feel motivated to apply its counsel even more fully .
Indeed , we will to a greater extent unleash its power in our own life . ​ — 2 Cor .
10 : 4 , 5 .
How should we make good use of God’s Word in our ministry ?
What can help us to make good use of God’s Word in our ministry ?
A first step is to use it liberally when we preach and teach .
One brother expressed the matter this way , “ If you were preaching from house to house with Jehovah himself , would you do all the talking or would you let him speak ? ”
His point was : When we read directly from God’s Word in the ministry , we are letting Jehovah speak to the householder .
A well - chosen scripture will likely be much more powerful than anything we might say .
Ask yourself , ‘ Do I look for every opportunity to share a portion of God’s Word with those to whom I bring the good news ? ’
Why do we need to do more than merely read scriptures when preaching ?
Of course , more is needed than merely reading Bible texts to those we are conversing with .
Why ?
Because many have little or no understanding of the Bible .
That was true in the first century , and it is true today .
So we should not assume that a person will grasp the point of a verse simply because we read it .
We need to take time to isolate portions of the verse ​ — perhaps rereading key words — ​ and explain their meaning .
Doing so can go a long way in helping the message of God’s Word to reach the mind and heart of our listeners . ​ — Read Luke 24 : 32 .
How can we introduce scriptures in a way that engenders respect for the Bible ?
Give an example .
We also do well to introduce scriptures in a way that engenders respect for the Bible .
For example , we might say , “ Let’s see what our Creator says on this topic . ”
When speaking with someone from a non - Christian background , we could say , “ Notice what the Holy Writings tell us . ”
Or if we are preaching to someone who is secular - minded , we might ask , “ Have you ever heard this ancient proverb ? ”
Yes , we consider each person as an individual and adapt our approach accordingly . ​ — 1 Cor .
9 : 22 , 23 .
( a ) Relate the experience one brother had . ( b ) How have you witnessed the power of God’s Word in your ministry ?
Many have found that using God’s Word in the ministry can have a profound impact on those to whom they preach .
Consider an example .
A brother made a return visit on an elderly gentleman who had read our magazines for a number of years .
Instead of simply presenting the latest issue of The Watchtower , the brother decided to read a scripture found in that issue .
He read 2 Corinthians 1 : 3 , 4 , which says : “ The Father of tender mercies and the God of all comfort . . . comforts us in all our trials . ”
The householder was so moved by those words that he asked our brother to read the scripture a second time .
The man mentioned how much he and his wife needed comfort , and he now showed interest in the Bible’s message .
Would you not agree that God’s Word exerts power in our ministry ? ​ — Acts 19 : 20 .
What responsibility do brothers who teach from the platform have ?
We all enjoy attending our Christian meetings as well as assemblies and conventions .
Primarily , we attend to worship Jehovah .
We also derive great benefit from the spiritual instruction we receive .
Brothers who speak from the platform on these occasions enjoy a great privilege .
At the same time , they should recognize that they have a weighty responsibility .
They must always make sure that what they teach is solidly based on God’s Word .
If you are assigned to teach from the platform , how can you unleash the power of the Bible in your presentation ?
How can a speaker make sure that the Scriptures form the backbone of his talk ?
Make sure that the Scriptures form the backbone of your talk .
What does that involve ?
For one thing , be careful that nothing ​ — experiences , illustrations , or even your manner of delivery — ​ overshadows or draws attention away from the Bible verses you use .
Also , remember that simply reading a number of scriptures does not in itself constitute teaching from the Bible .
In fact , using too many scriptures could result in none of them standing out in the mind of your listeners .
So select your key scriptures carefully , and take time to read , explain , illustrate , and apply them well .
When a talk is based on an outline provided by the organization , study the outline and the scriptures it uses .
Try to understand the connection between the statements in the outline and the cited scriptures .
Then use selected scriptures to teach the points in the outline .
( You can find practical suggestions in studies 21 to 23 of Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education . )
Above all , prayerfully ask for Jehovah’s help to convey the precious thoughts contained in his Word . ​ — Read Ezra 7 : 10 ; Proverbs 3 : 13 , 14 .
( a ) How was one sister affected by the use of scriptures at a Christian meeting ?
( b ) How have you benefited from Scriptural teaching presented at our meetings ?
A sister in Australia was deeply affected by the use of scriptures at a Christian meeting .
Despite having had a tragic upbringing , she had responded to the Bible’s message and had dedicated her life to Jehovah .
Even so , she found it a challenge to accept Jehovah’s love for her .
In time , though , she became convinced that God loved her .
What helped her to reach that conclusion ?
A turning point came when she meditated on a scripture that was used at one of our meetings and that she connected with other Bible verses .
* Have you similarly been affected by the use of God’s Word at meetings , assemblies , and conventions ? ​ — Neh .
8 : 12 .
How can we show our appreciation for Jehovah’s Word ?
Are we not grateful to Jehovah for his written Word , the Bible ?
He not only lovingly provided it for the human family but also fulfilled his promise that it would endure .
Surely , we do well to read God’s Word regularly , apply it in our own life , and use it when helping others .
We thereby show our love and appreciation not only for this divine treasure but , most important , for its Author , Jehovah God .
See the box “ A Turning Point . ”
Read it regularly
Meditate on it
Apply what you learn
Make liberal use of the Scriptures
Isolate and explain key portions of a passage
Introduce texts in a way that increases respect for God’s Word
Make the Scriptures the backbone of your talk
Do not let experiences , illustrations , or your delivery overshadow the Bible
Take time to explain , illustrate , and apply verses that you read
For many years after learning the truth , Victoria struggled to accept that God could love her .
How was she finally helped to begin feeling truly loved by God ?
Victoria relates :
“ A turning point came about 15 years after I was baptized .
During a talk at the Kingdom Hall . . . , the speaker referred to James 1 : 23 , 24 .
Those verses liken God’s Word to a mirror in which we can see ourselves the way Jehovah sees us .
I began to wonder if what I saw in myself was different from what Jehovah saw .
At first , I resisted this new idea .
I still felt that loving me was too much to expect of Jehovah .
“ A few days later , I read a scripture that changed my life .
The verse was Isaiah 1 : 18 , where Jehovah is quoted as saying : ‘ Come , now , you people , and let us set matters straight between us . . . .
Though the sins of you people should prove to be as scarlet , they will be made white just like snow . ’
I felt as if Jehovah were speaking to me , saying : ‘ Come on , Vicky , let’s set matters straight between us .
I know you , I know your sins , I know your heart ​ — and I love you . ’
“ I was unable to sleep that night .
I still doubted that Jehovah could love me , but I began thinking about Jesus ’ ransom sacrifice .
All of a sudden , it dawned on me that Jehovah had been patient with me for so long , showing me that he loved me in so many ways .
Yet , I was , in effect , saying to him : ‘ Your love is not great enough to reach me .
Your Son’s sacrifice is not enough to cover me . ’
It was as if I had been throwing the ransom back at Jehovah .
But now , at last , by meditating on this gift of the ransom , I began to feel loved by Jehovah . ”
3 Life Story ​ — Blessings Come From Doing What Jehovah Asks
7 “ Love . . . in Deed and Truth ”
Genuine love identifies true Christians .
This article will consider nine ways that we can show love that is “ free from hypocrisy . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
6 : 6 .
12 The Truth Brings , “ Not Peace , But a Sword ”
The negative response of unbelieving relatives to the truth can make life difficult for Jehovah’s people .
In this article , we will learn how we can successfully deal with the challenges of family opposition .
17 Joseph of Arimathea Takes a Stand
21 Visions of Zechariah ​ — How They Affect You
26 Chariots and a Crown Safeguard You
These articles discuss Zechariah’s sixth , seventh , and eighth visions .
The sixth and seventh visions will help us appreciate the privilege we have to serve in God’s clean organization .
The eighth vision will teach us how Jehovah provides secure protection in order for his worshippers to engage in true worship .
31 One Act of Christian Kindness
32 Did You Know ?
LIFE STORY
As told by Olive Matthews
“ We’ll do that ! ”
This is how my husband and I , along with my brother and his wife , responded to an invitation to take up an assignment .
Why did we accept it , and how did Jehovah bless us ?
First , let me tell you about my background .
I WAS born in 1923 in Hemsworth , a town in Yorkshire , England .
I had one older brother , Bob .
When I was about nine years old , our father , who disliked religious hypocrisy , obtained some books exposing false religion .
He was very impressed by what he read .
A few years later , Bob Atkinson called at our house and played a phonograph record of one of Brother Rutherford’s talks .
We realized that this came from the same group that published those books !
My parents suggested that Brother Atkinson have his evening meal with us every night and answer our many Bible questions .
We were invited to attend meetings at a brother’s home a few miles away .
We quickly responded , and a small congregation was formed in Hemsworth .
Soon we were accommodating zone servants ( now known as circuit overseers ) and inviting nearby pioneers for meals .
Association with them really left an impression on me .

We had begun setting up a business , but Father said to my brother , “ If you want to go pioneering , we’ll get rid of this . ”
Bob agreed , and he left home to pioneer at age 21 .
Two years later , when I was 16 , I was appointed as a pioneer .
Apart from weekends , I worked mostly alone , using a testimony card and a phonograph .
But Jehovah blessed me with a Bible student who made wonderful progress .
Many in that student’s family eventually accepted the truth .
The following year , I was appointed as a special pioneer , along with Mary Henshall .
We were sent to unassigned territory in the county of Cheshire .
It was now the middle of World War II , and women were directed to assist in the war effort .
As full - time ministers , we special pioneers expected to receive the same exemption as other religious ministers .
But the courts did not agree , so I was sentenced to 31 days in prison .
The following year when I turned 19 , I registered as a conscientious objector .
I was brought before two tribunal courts , but my case was dismissed .
All through this experience , I knew that holy spirit was helping me and that Jehovah was holding my hand , making me firm and strong . ​ — Isa .
41 : 10 , 13 .
Arthur Matthews and I met in 1946 .
Having just served a three - month prison sentence as a conscientious objector , he joined his brother Dennis , a special pioneer , in Hemsworth .

They had been taught about Jehovah from infancy by their father and got baptized as teenagers .
Very soon Dennis was assigned to Ireland , leaving Arthur without a partner .
Impressed with the way this young , hardworking pioneer conducted himself , my parents invited Arthur to stay with them .
When I visited , Arthur and I would volunteer to wash the dishes after meals .
Eventually we began writing to each other .
During 1948 , Arthur received another three - month prison sentence .
We married in January 1949 with the goal of staying in full - time service as long as possible .
With Jehovah’s blessing and careful management , we used vacation time to earn some money picking fruit , so we were able to continue pioneering .
In Hemsworth shortly after our wedding in 1949

Just over a year later , we were asked to go to Northern Ireland , first to Armagh and then to Newry , both mostly Catholic towns .
Tension in the area was high , and we had to be very cautious and discerning when talking with people .
Meetings were held in a brother and sister’s home that was ten miles ( 16 km ) away from where we lived .
About eight attended .
When invited to stay the night , we would sleep on the floor and enjoy a hearty breakfast the next day . It is a great joy to know that there are now many Witnesses in that area .
My brother and his wife , Lottie , were already serving as special pioneers in Northern Ireland , and in 1952 the four of us attended a district convention in Belfast .
A brother kindly accommodated all of us , together with Pryce Hughes , then the branch servant in Britain .
One night we discussed the release of the booklet God’s Way Is Love , produced especially with Ireland in mind .
Brother Hughes spoke of the difficulty in reaching Catholic people in the Irish Republic .
Brothers were being put out of their accommodations and facing mob violence instigated by the priests .
“ We need couples with cars , ” Pryce said , “ to engage in a special campaign to distribute the booklet throughout the country . ”
* Our immediate response was , “ We’ll do that ! ”
Hence , the comment made at the beginning of this story .
With fellow pioneers on a motorcycle and sidecar
One place where pioneers could always stay in Dublin was at the home of Ma Rutland , a longtime faithful sister .
After a stop there and after selling some belongings , the four of us piled onto Bob’s motorcycle and sidecar and went in search of an automobile .
We found a suitable secondhand car and asked the seller to deliver it to us , since none of us could drive .
Arthur spent that evening sitting on the bed , going through imaginary gearshift movements .
The next morning while he was attempting to drive the car out of the garage , missionary Mildred Willett ( who later married John Barr ) came by .
She could drive ! Now on the road and with a little more practice , we were ready to go !
Our car and camper trailer
Next , we needed accommodations .
We had been cautioned to avoid living in a trailer because opposers might set it on fire , so we searched for a home , but in vain .
That night the four of us slept in the car .
The next day , all we could find was a little homemade trailer with two small bunk beds .
That became our home .
Amazingly , we had no problem parking the trailer on the property of friendly farmers .
We covered territory that was 10 to 15 miles ( 16 to 24 km ) away .
Then after moving on , we would return and call on those in the area where we had been parked .

We visited all the homes in the southeast of the Republic without much trouble at all , distributing over 20,000 booklets and passing on to the Britain branch office the names of interested people .
What a blessing it is to have hundreds of Witnesses there now !
In time , we were reassigned to south London .
Within a few weeks , Arthur received a call from the Britain branch office asking him to begin circuit work the next day !
After a week’s training , we traveled to our circuit in Scotland .
Arthur had no extra time to prepare his talks , but his readiness to meet challenges in Jehovah’s service was of great encouragement to me .
We really enjoyed our assignment in the circuit work .
We had been in unassigned territory for some years , and now it was a wonderful blessing to be among so many brothers and sisters .
When Arthur received an invitation to attend the 1962 ten - month course at Gilead School , we had a big decision to make .
We came to the conclusion that even though I was to be left behind , it was right for Arthur to accept this privilege .
As I was to be without a partner , I was sent back to Hemsworth as a special pioneer .
When Arthur returned a year later , we were assigned to the district work and covered Scotland , northern England , and Northern Ireland .
In 1964 , Arthur received a new assignment as branch servant in the Irish Republic .
We had greatly enjoyed the traveling work , so at first I felt very apprehensive about the change .
Looking back , now I am grateful to have been given the privilege of serving at Bethel .
I believe that if you accept an assignment even when you don’t really feel like doing it , you will always be blessed by Jehovah .
My days were filled with office duties , packing literature , cooking , and cleaning .

For some time , we were also in district work and were able to meet brothers throughout the country .
This , along with seeing our Bible students make progress , created a strong bond with our spiritual family in Ireland .
What a blessing ! The first international convention in Ireland was held in Dublin in 1965 .
* Despite intense opposition on all fronts , the convention was a great success .
A total of 3,948 attended , and 65 got baptized .
Everyone who had provided accommodations for the 3,500 international delegates received a letter of appreciation .
Householders , in turn , praised the delegates ’ conduct .
It was indeed a turning point for Ireland .
Arthur greeting Nathan Knorr on his arrival for the 1965 convention
Arthur releases My Book of Bible Stories in Gaelic in 1983
In 1966 both north and south Ireland were united under the Dublin branch office ​ — a sharp contrast to the political and religious divisions on the island .
We were thrilled to see so many Catholics coming into the truth and serving alongside brothers who were once Protestants .
In 2011 our lives changed completely when the Britain and Ireland branches were merged and we were assigned to London Bethel .

The news came at a time when I was beginning to be concerned about Arthur’s health .
He was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease .
On May 20 , 2015 , my companion of 66 years passed away in death .
In the last few years , I have felt heartbreak , depression , and grief .
In the past , Arthur had always been there for me .
How I miss him !
But when you go through these kinds of situations , you draw closer to Jehovah .
It has also been heartwarming to learn how much Arthur was loved .
I have received letters from friends in Ireland , Britain , and even the United States .
These letters , along with encouragement from Arthur’s brother Dennis , his wife , Mavis , and my nieces Ruth and Judy , have helped me more than words can express .
A scripture that has greatly encouraged me is Isaiah 30 : 18 .
It says : “ Jehovah is waiting patiently to show you favor , and he will rise up to show you mercy . For Jehovah is a God of justice .
Happy are all those keeping in expectation of him . ”
I have found it truly comforting to know that Jehovah is waiting patiently to remedy matters and to give us exciting assignments in his new world .
Looking back on our lives , I can see how Jehovah has guided and blessed the work in Ireland !
I feel very privileged to have had a small share in that spiritual growth .
It is undoubtedly true that doing what Jehovah asks of us always brings blessings .
See the 1988 Yearbook of Jehovah’s Witnesses , pp . 101 - 102 .
See the 1988 Yearbook , pp . 109 - 112 .
“ We should love , not in word or with the tongue , but in deed and truth . ” ​ — 1 JOHN 3 : 18 .
SONGS : 106 , 100
What is the highest form of love ?
What is “ love free from hypocrisy ” ?
How can we be sure that our love is genuine ?
What is the highest form of love , and why is that so ?
( See opening image . )
LOVE based on right principles ( a·gaʹpe ) is a gift from Jehovah .
He is its Source .
This kind of love is the highest form of love .
While it can include affection and warmth , it is primarily identified by unselfish actions for the good of others .
According to one reference work , a·gaʹpe “ can be known only from the actions it prompts . ”
When we show or are shown unselfish love , our lives are enriched , being filled with joy and meaning .
2 , 3 .
How has Jehovah shown unselfish love for humans ?
Jehovah showed love for humans even before he created Adam and Eve .

He made the earth to be man’s everlasting home , a place where man does not just survive but enjoys life to the full .
Jehovah did this solely for our benefit , not for personal gain .
He further showed unselfish love by blessing his children on earth with the prospect of living forever in the Paradise that he had prepared for them .
After Adam and Eve rebelled , Jehovah made his greatest expression of unselfish love .
He arranged to ransom the future descendants of those two rebels , certain that some of them would respond favorably to His love .
In fact , from the moment that Jehovah promised a future Savior , He viewed this sacrifice as already made .
Then , some 4,000 years later , Jehovah at great personal cost sacrificed his only - begotten Son for the world of mankind .
How grateful we are for Jehovah’s unselfish love !
What indicates that imperfect humans are able to show unselfish love ?
We are able to show unselfish love because God created us in his image .
Inherited sin has made it challenging for us to manifest love , but it has not removed our ability to do so .
Abel showed love for God by unselfishly offering the best of what he had .
Noah displayed unselfish love for his fellow man by preaching God’s message for decades despite not seeing any response from the people .
Abraham put his love for God ahead of his own feelings when he was commanded to offer up his son Isaac .
Like those faithful men , we want to show love , despite the challenges we face .
In what ways can we show genuine love ?
The Bible explains that genuine love is shown , “ not in word or with the tongue , but in deed and truth . ”
Does this mean that we cannot express love through our speech ?
Not at all !
Rather , it means that our love must not be limited to words , especially when the circumstances call for action .
For example , when a fellow Christian lacks the basic necessities of life , he needs more than our good wishes .
Similarly , love for Jehovah and our neighbor moves us not only to ask God ‘ to send out workers into the harvest ’ but also to have a full share in the preaching work . ​ — Matt .
9 : 38 .
6 , 7 . ( a ) What is “ love free from hypocrisy ” ?
( b ) What are some examples of counterfeit love ?
The apostle John wrote that we must love “ in deed and truth . ”
Thus , our love must be “ without hypocrisy , ” or “ free from hypocrisy . ”
This means that we cannot show genuine love while pretending to be something that we are not , as if we were wearing a mask .
We might wonder , ‘ Is there such a thing as love with hypocrisy ? ’
Not really .
This would not be love at all but a worthless imitation .
Consider some examples of counterfeit love . In the garden of Eden , Satan pretended to be looking out for Eve’s best interests , but his actions were actually selfish and hypocritical .
In David’s day , Ahithophel proved that his friendship with the king was a fraud .
Ahithophel turned traitor when he felt that he would gain an advantage .
Likewise today , apostates and others who create divisions in the congregation use “ smooth talk and flattering speech ” to make themselves appear to be loving , but their true motive is selfish . ​ — Rom . 16 : 17 , 18 .
What question should we ask ourselves ?
Hypocritical love is especially shameful because it is a counterfeit of the godly quality of self - sacrificing love .
Such hypocrisy might fool men , but not Jehovah .
In fact , Jesus said that those who are like hypocrites would be punished “ with the greatest severity . ”
Of course , Jehovah’s servants would never want to display hypocritical love .
However , we do well to ask ourselves , ‘ Is my love always genuine , not tainted by selfishness or deception ? ’
Let us consider nine ways we can strive to show love that is “ free from hypocrisy . ”
What will genuine love move us to do ?
Be happy to serve in the background .
We should be willing to perform acts of love for our brothers “ in secret , ” or out of the limelight , when this is possible .
( Read Matthew 6 : 1 - 4 . )
Ananias and Sapphira failed to do that .
Not content to donate anonymously , they blatantly exaggerated their offering and suffered disaster for their hypocrisy .
In contrast , genuine love moves us to find joy in serving our brothers without fanfare or recognition .
For instance , the brothers who support the Governing Body in helping to prepare spiritual food do so anonymously , not drawing attention to themselves or revealing the material they have worked on .
How can we take the lead in showing honor to others ?
Take the lead in showing honor to others .
( Read Romans 12 : 10 . )
Jesus set the pattern in honoring others by performing the lowliest of tasks .
We may have to work hard to develop the humility needed to show honor to others in this way .
Even the apostles could not fully understand Jesus ’ actions until they received holy spirit .
We can show honor to others by not thinking too much of ourselves because of our education , material possessions , or privileges in Jehovah’s service .
And rather than envying those who receive praise , we rejoice with them even if we feel that we deserve equal honor or a share of the credit for what was done .
Why must our commendation be sincere ?
Commend your brothers sincerely .
We should seize opportunities to commend one another because such expressions are “ good for building up . ”
However , we must be sincere .
Otherwise , we could actually be flattering the person or avoiding our responsibility to provide needed counsel .
To commend someone but then tear him down behind his back is a form of hypocrisy .
The apostle Paul avoided that trap and set a fine example in showing genuine love in the way he commended others .
For example , he sincerely commended the Christians in Corinth regarding some aspects of their conduct .
But when their actions did not deserve commendation , he explained the reason to them kindly and clearly . ​ — 1 Cor .
11 : 20 - 22 .
Giving to our brothers in need is one way to show our love and hospitality ( See paragraph 12 )
How can we show genuine love when we offer hospitality ?
Be hospitable .
Jehovah commands us to be generous toward our brothers and sisters .
( Read 1 John 3 : 17 . )
Yet , we must do so with a pure motive , avoiding any trace of selfishness .
We can ask ourselves : ‘ Do I offer hospitality primarily to close friends , prominent ones , or those who might be able to return a favor somehow ?
Or do I instead look for ways to be generous toward brothers and sisters whom I do not know well or who have nothing with which to repay me ? ’
Or suppose a fellow Christian falls into need because of poor planning or fails to thank us for our hospitality .
In such situations , we should apply the counsel : “ Be hospitable to one another without grumbling . ”
If you follow this advice , you will gain the reward of happiness that comes from giving with the right motive . ​ — Acts 20 : 35 .
( a ) When can it be especially challenging to help those who are weak ?
( b ) What practical things can we do to support the weak ?
Support those who are weak .
The genuineness of our love can be tested by the Bible’s command to “ support the weak , be patient toward all . ”
Although many who are weak later become strong in the faith , others need our patient , ongoing support .
This can include sharing upbuilding Scriptural thoughts , inviting them to join us in the ministry , or just taking time to listen to them .
In addition , instead of simply thinking that a brother or a sister is either “ strong ” or “ weak , ” we should recognize that we all have strengths and weaknesses .
Even the apostle Paul acknowledged his own weaknesses .
Thus , we can all benefit from the support of fellow Christians .
How far should we be willing to go to maintain peace with our brothers ?
Make peace .
We do everything in our power to maintain peace with our brothers , even when we feel that we have been misunderstood or treated unfairly .
( Read Romans 12 : 17 , 18 . )
An apology can help to repair hurt feelings , but it must be sincere .
For instance , rather than saying , “ I’m sorry that you feel that way , ” you could admit your role in the problem by saying , “ I’m sorry that I hurt you by what I said . ”
Peace is especially vital in a marriage .
A husband and a wife should not pretend to love each other in public but then use the silent treatment , cruel words , or physical violence to hurt each other in private .
How can we show that our forgiveness is genuine ?
Forgive freely .
We forgive by pardoning someone who has offended us and by letting go of our resentment toward him .
By “ putting up with one another in love , earnestly endeavoring to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace , ” we can freely forgive those who may not be aware that they offended us .
For our forgiveness to be genuine , we must control our thinking so that we do “ not keep account of the injury . ”
If we were to harbor resentment or hold a grudge , we would risk permanently damaging our relationship not only with our brother or sister but also with Jehovah .
We can also demonstrate our sincere forgiveness by praying for those who sin against us . ​ — Luke 6 : 27 , 28 .
How should we view privileges in Jehovah’s service ?
Sacrifice personal advantages .
If we receive privileges in Jehovah’s service , we should view these as opportunities to show the genuineness of our love by “ seeking , not [ our ] own advantage , but that of the other person . ”
For example , at our assemblies and conventions , attendants are on duty in the seating area before others are scheduled to enter .
Instead of viewing their assignment as an opportunity to get the best seats for themselves and their families , many of these brothers choose to sit in less favorable seats within their assigned section .
By sacrificing their personal advantage in this way , they demonstrate love that is free of any trace of selfishness .
How might you imitate their good example ?
What will genuine love move a person to do if he has committed a serious sin ?
Confess and abandon secret sins .
Some Christians who have committed a serious sin try to cover it over in order to avoid embarrassing themselves or disappointing others .
Yet , such a course is unloving , for it harms not only the sinner but also others .
It can hinder the flow of God’s spirit and threaten the peace of the entire congregation .
Genuine love moves Christians who have committed serious sins to speak to the elders so that the elders can provide the needed help . ​ — Jas .
5 : 14 , 15 .

How important is genuine love ?
Love is the greatest of all qualities .
It identifies us as Jesus ’ followers and as imitators of Jehovah , the Source of love .
“ If I . . . do not have love , ” wrote Paul , “ I am nothing . ”
May we continue to show our love not just “ in word ” but also “ in deed and truth . ”
“ Do not think I came to bring peace to the earth ; I came to bring , not peace , but a sword . ” ​ — MATT .
10 : 34 .
SONGS : 123 , 128
What is the “ sword ” that Jesus said he would bring ?
How can you maintain your loyalty to Jehovah if your relatives oppose true worship ?
What can help you to cope if a family member leaves Jehovah ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What peace can we enjoy now ?
( b ) What prevents us from finding complete peace at this time ?
( See opening image . )
WE ALL want peaceful lives , free from anxiety .
How thankful we are that Jehovah grants us “ the peace of God , ” an inner calm that can protect us from disturbing thoughts and feelings !
Because of our dedication to Jehovah , we also enjoy “ peace with God , ” a good relationship with him . ​ — Rom . 5 : 1 .
However , God’s time to bring about complete peace has not yet come .
These critical last days are filled with conflict , and countless people have contentious attitudes .
As Christians , we must wage a spiritual war against Satan and the false teachings that he promotes .
But the greatest threat to our peace may come from unbelieving relatives .
Some might ridicule our beliefs , accuse us of dividing the family , or threaten to disown us unless we give up our faith .
How should we view family opposition ?
How can we successfully deal with the challenges it brings ?
3 , 4 . ( a ) What effect do Jesus ’ teachings have ?
( b ) When would it be especially challenging to follow Jesus ?
Jesus knew that his teachings would divide people and that those who follow him would need courage to do so in the face of opposition .
This opposition could affect peaceful relations among family members .
Jesus said : “ Do not think I came to bring peace to the earth ; I came to bring , not peace , but a sword .
For I came to cause division , with a man against his father , and a daughter against her mother , and a daughter - in - law against her mother - in - law .
Indeed , a man’s enemies will be those of his own household . ” ​ — Matt .
10 : 34 - 36 .
In saying “ Do not think I came to bring peace , ” Jesus meant that some of his listeners needed to think about the consequences of following him .
His message could divide people .
Of course , Jesus ’ motive was to proclaim God’s message of truth , not to damage relationships .
Still , holding faithfully to Christ’s teachings would be challenging if one’s close friends or family members rejected the truth .
What have Jesus ’ followers experienced ?
Jesus included the pain of family opposition as part of the suffering that his followers must be willing to endure .
In order to prove worthy of the Christ , his disciples have had to endure ridicule or even alienation from their families .
Yet , they have gained far more than they have lost . ​ — Read Mark 10 : 29 , 30 .
What must we remember if our relatives oppose our efforts to worship Jehovah ?
Even when our relatives oppose our efforts to worship Jehovah , we continue to love them , but we must remember that our love for God and Christ comes first .
We must also realize that Satan will try to use our affection for our family to break our integrity .
Let us consider some situations involving family opposition and see how we can successfully face the challenges that these bring .
How should those with an unbelieving mate view their situation ?
The Bible warns that those who marry “ will have tribulation in their flesh . ”
If you have an unbelieving mate , you may experience more than the usual stress and anxiety in your marriage .
Nevertheless , it is important for you to view your situation as Jehovah does .
Your mate’s present unwillingness to follow Christ is not in itself a valid reason for separation or divorce .
Although an unbelieving husband may not take the lead in spiritual matters , he should be respected because of his position as the head of the family .
Likewise , an unbelieving wife should be shown self - sacrificing love and tender affection by her Christian husband . ​ — Eph .
5 : 22 , 23 , 28 , 29 .
What questions can you ask yourself if your spouse tries to limit your worship ?
What if your spouse tries to limit your worship ?
For example , one sister was told by her husband to share in the field ministry only on certain days of the week .
If you face a similar situation , ask yourself : ‘ Is my spouse demanding that I stop worshipping my God ?
If not , can I yield to the request ? ’
Being reasonable can help you to avoid needless marital conflict . ​ — Phil .
4 : 5 .
How can Christians teach their children to honor an unbelieving parent ?
Training children can be especially challenging if you have an unbelieving mate .
For instance , you need to teach your children to obey the Bible’s command : “ Honor your father and your mother . ”
But what if your mate does not follow the Bible’s high standard of conduct ?
Set the example by honoring your mate .
Focus on his or her good qualities , and express appreciation for your mate .
Avoid saying negative things about your mate in front of your children .
Instead , explain to them that each person must choose whether to serve Jehovah .
The children’s good conduct might help to draw the unbelieving parent to true worship .
Teach your children Bible truth whenever possible ( See paragraph 10 )
How can Christian parents teach their children Bible truth in a religiously divided household ?
At times , unbelieving mates will demand that children share in pagan celebrations or be taught false religious beliefs .

Some husbands may forbid the Christian wife to teach the children from the Bible .
Even so , a Christian wife does what she can to teach the children Bible truth .
For example , the husband of a Witness wife might not allow her to conduct a formal Bible study with her minor children or to take them with her to Christian meetings .
While respecting his decisions , she can still express her faith in the presence of her children as opportunities arise , thus giving them moral training and knowledge about Jehovah .
Of course , her children must eventually make their own decision regarding worship . ​ — Deut . 30 : 19 , 20 .
*
What may cause a problem with non - Witness relatives ?
At first , we may not have told our family about our association with Jehovah’s Witnesses .
As our faith grew , though , we saw the need to be open about our beliefs .
If your courageous stand has resulted in a problem between you and your non - Witness relatives , consider some steps to take to reduce conflict and still maintain integrity .
Why may unbelieving relatives oppose us , but how can we show them empathy ?
Have empathy for unbelieving relatives .
While we may be overjoyed about the Bible truths we have learned , our relatives may mistakenly believe that we have been tricked or have become part of a cult .
They may think that we no longer love them because we do not celebrate holidays with them .
They may even fear for our eternal welfare .

We should show empathy by trying to see things from their viewpoint and by listening carefully to discern their real concerns .
The apostle Paul endeavored to understand “ people of all sorts ” in order to share the good news with them , and a similar approach can help us as well . ​ — 1 Cor .
9 : 19 - 23 .
How should we speak with unbelieving relatives ?
Speak with mildness .
“ Let your words always be gracious , ” says the Bible .
We can ask Jehovah for his holy spirit so that we can display its fruitage when speaking with our relatives .
We should not try to argue about all their false religious ideas .
If they hurt us by their speech or actions , we can imitate the example of the apostles .
Paul wrote : “ When insulted , we bless ; when persecuted , we patiently endure ; when slandered , we answer mildly . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
4 : 12 , 13 .
What are the benefits of maintaining fine conduct ?
Maintain fine conduct .
Although mild speech is helpful in dealing with opposing relatives , our good conduct can speak even louder .
( Read 1 Peter 3 : 1 , 2 , 16 . )
By your example , let your relatives see that Jehovah’s Witnesses enjoy happy marriages , look after their children , and live a clean , moral , and fulfilling life .
Even if our relatives never accept the truth , we can have the joy that comes from pleasing Jehovah by our faithful course .
How can we plan ahead for situations that might lead to conflict ?
Plan ahead .
Think of situations that might lead to conflict , and determine how to handle them .
A sister from Australia relates : “ My father - in - law strongly opposed the truth .
Before calling to check on him , my husband and I would pray that Jehovah help us not to respond in kind to angry reactions .
We would prepare topics to discuss so that we could keep the conversation friendly .
To avoid long conversations that would usually lead to a heated discussion about religion , we set a time limit for the visit . ”
How can you overcome feelings of guilt about displeasing your relatives ?
Of course , you cannot expect to avoid all disagreements with your unbelieving relatives .
Such conflict can make you feel guilty , especially because you love your relatives dearly and have always tried to please them .
If you feel this way , strive to put your loyalty to Jehovah ahead of your love for your family .
Such a stand may actually help your relatives to see that applying Bible truth is a life - and - death matter .
In any case , remember that you cannot force others to accept the truth .
Instead , let them see in you the benefits of following Jehovah’s ways .
Our loving God offers to them , just as he does to us , the opportunity to choose the course they will follow . ​ — Isa .
48 : 17 , 18 .
17 , 18 .
What can help you to cope if a family member leaves Jehovah ?
When a family member is disfellowshipped or he disassociates himself from the congregation , it can feel like the stab of a sword .
How can you cope with the pain that this brings ?
Keep up your spiritual routine .
Build yourself up by regularly reading the Bible , preparing for and attending Christian meetings , sharing in the field ministry , and praying for the strength to endure .
But what if you feel that your heart is not in your activity , that you are just going through the motions ?
Do not give up !
A good spiritual routine can help you to gain control of your thoughts and feelings .
Consider the experience of the writer of Psalm 73 .
He had developed a wrong viewpoint and had become greatly troubled , but he was able to correct his thinking when he entered God’s place of worship .
Your faithfully worshipping Jehovah can help you to do the same .
How can you show respect for Jehovah’s arrangement for discipline ?
Respect the discipline of Jehovah .
His arrangement can bring the best long - term outcome for all , including the wrongdoer , even though the immediate effect is painful .
( Read Hebrews 12 : 11 . )
For example , Jehovah instructs us to “ stop keeping company ” with unrepentant wrongdoers .
Despite our pain of heart , we must avoid normal contact with a disfellowshipped family member by telephone , text messages , letters , e - mails , or social media .
What hope can we maintain ?
Maintain hope .
Love “ hopes all things , ” including that those who have left Jehovah will come back to him .
If you see evidence that a close family member is having a change of heart , you could pray that he or she gain strength from the Scriptures and respond to Jehovah’s appeal : “ Return to me . ” ​ — Isa .
44 : 22 .
What should you do if you experience family division because you are following Jesus ?
Jesus said that if we were to put any human before him , we would not be worthy of him .
Yet , he was confident that his disciples would have the courage to maintain their loyalty to him despite family opposition .
If following Jesus has brought “ a sword ” into your family , rely on Jehovah to help you deal with the challenges successfully .
Find joy in knowing that Jehovah and Jesus are pleased with you and that they will reward your faithful course .
For more information on training children in a religiously divided household , see “ Questions From Readers ” in The Watchtower , August 15 , 2002 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
One of the many metropolitan witnessing stands in Lagos , the most populous city in Africa .
At this one location , an average of six Bible studies are requested every month
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
JOSEPH OF ARIMATHEA hardly knew how he had found the courage to approach the Roman governor .
Pontius Pilate was known to be extremely stubborn .
Yet , if Jesus was to receive a dignified burial , someone would have to ask Pilate to release the body .
As it turned out , the face - to - face meeting was not as difficult as Joseph may have imagined .
After ascertaining from an officer that Jesus was dead , Pilate granted the request .
So now Joseph , his heart still heavy , hurried back to the execution site . ​ — Mark 15 : 42 - 45 .
Who was this Joseph of Arimathea ?
What connection did he have with Jesus ?
And what makes his story worthy of your interest ?
The inspired Gospel of Mark calls Joseph “ a reputable member of the Council . ”
In context , the Council can only be the Sanhedrin , the Jewish high court and supreme administrative body .
Joseph was therefore one of the leaders of his people , which explains how he could gain an audience with the Roman governor .
It is no surprise that Joseph was also rich . ​ — Matt .
27 : 57 .
Do you have the courage to acknowledge Jesus as your King ?
As a group , the Sanhedrin was hostile to Jesus .
Its members connived to have him put to death .
Joseph , however , is called “ a good and righteous man . ”
Unlike most of his Sanhedrin colleagues , he lived an honest , moral life and did his best to obey God’s commands .
He was also “ waiting for the Kingdom of God , ” which may explain why he became one of Jesus ’ disciples .
Likely , he was attracted to Jesus ’ message out of a sincere desire for truth and justice .
John 19 : 38 says that Joseph “ was a disciple of Jesus but a secret one because of his fear of the Jews . ”
What was Joseph afraid of ?
He knew of the Jews ’ disdain for Jesus and their determination to expel from the synagogue any who confessed faith in him .
Being expelled from the synagogue meant being scorned , shunned , and treated as an outcast by fellow Jews .
So Joseph hesitated to confess his faith in Jesus openly .
Doing so would mean losing his position and his prestige .
Joseph was not the only one in this predicament .
According to John 12 : 42 , “ many even of the rulers actually put faith in [ Jesus ] , but they would not acknowledge him because of the Pharisees , so that they would not be expelled from the synagogue . ”
Another individual in the same situation was Nicodemus , also a member of the Sanhedrin . ​ — John 3 : 1 - 10 ; 7 : 50 - 52 .
Joseph , though , was a disciple , but he could not bring himself to say so openly .
That was a serious problem , particularly in the light of Jesus ’ pronouncement : “ Everyone . . . who acknowledges me before men , I will also acknowledge him before my Father who is in the heavens .
But whoever disowns me before men , I will also disown him before my Father who is in the heavens . ”
Joseph did not exactly disown Jesus , but neither did he have the courage to acknowledge him .
Do you ?
To Joseph’s credit , the Bible reports that he did not support the Sanhedrin’s plot against Jesus .
Perhaps , as some suggest , Joseph was not present at Jesus ’ trial .
Whatever the case , Joseph must have felt wretched about that dreadful perversion of justice ​ — but he could do nothing to stop it !
By the time of Jesus ’ death , Joseph had evidently overcome his fears , and he decided to throw in his lot with Jesus ’ followers .
That decision is indicated by the words of Mark 15 : 43 : “ He took courage and went in before Pilate and asked for the body of Jesus . ”
It seems that Joseph was present when Jesus died .
Indeed , he knew of Jesus ’ death before Pilate did .
Thus , when Joseph asked for the body , the governor “ wondered whether [ Jesus ] could already be dead . ”
If Joseph had witnessed Jesus ’ agony on the torture stake , did that awful scene move him to examine his conscience and finally decide that he ought to take a stand for truth ?
It is possible .
At the very least , Joseph was now stirred to action .
He would be a secret disciple no more .
Jewish law required that those sentenced to death be buried before sundown .
As far as the Romans were concerned , though , the bodies of executed criminals either were left on the stake to rot or were thrown into a common grave .
But that is not what Joseph had in mind for Jesus .
Close to the execution site , Joseph had a new rock - cut tomb .
This vault had never been used , which indicates that Joseph had recently moved from Arimathea * to Jerusalem and that he expected to use this property as his family burial site .
Burying Jesus in Joseph’s own future tomb was a generous gesture on Joseph’s part and fulfilled the prophecy that the Messiah would be buried “ with the rich . ” ​ — Isa .
53 : 5 , 8 , 9 .
Is there anything to which you give more importance than your relationship with Jehovah ?
All four Gospels record that after Jesus ’ body was removed from the stake , Joseph wrapped it in fine linen and laid it in his own tomb .
The only person specifically stated to have helped Joseph was Nicodemus , who brought burial spices .
Given the status of these two , it is unlikely that they would have moved the body themselves .
It is more likely that they would have used servants to do the actual carrying and burying .
Be that as it may , the task that the two men undertook was not trivial .
Any who came in contact with a corpse incurred ceremonial uncleanness for seven days , making everything that they touched unclean .
Such a condition would require them to be secluded during the Passover week and to miss all its observances and celebrations .
By arranging Jesus ’ burial , Joseph also risked derision from his colleagues .
Yet , at this point , he was willing to accept the consequences of giving Jesus a dignified burial and of openly identifying himself as one of Christ’s disciples .
Beyond the Gospel accounts of Jesus ’ burial , the Bible mentions Joseph of Arimathea no more , leading to the obvious question : What became of him ?
The fact is , we do not know .
In the light of the foregoing , however , there is a strong likelihood that he openly declared himself to be a Christian .
After all , at the moment of test and crisis , his faith and boldness were increasing rather than diminishing .
That was a good sign .
This story raises a question that all of us would do well to ponder : Is there anything at all ​ — be it position , career , possessions , family affections , or even our very freedom — ​ to which we give more importance than our relationship with Jehovah ?
Arimathea is likely identified with Ramah , modern - day Rentis ( Rantis ) .
This was the prophet Samuel’s hometown , located some 22 miles ( 35 km ) northwest of Jerusalem . ​ — 1 Sam .
1 : 19 , 20 .
“ Return to me , . . . and I will return to you . ” ​ — ZECH .
1 : 3 .
SONGS : 89 , 86
How does Jehovah view any kind of stealing ?
How can we live up to our dedication to God “ day after day ” ?
How can we do our part in keeping wickedness out of Jehovah’s house ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) What was the situation of Jehovah’s people when Zechariah began prophesying ?
( b ) Why did Jehovah ask his people to ‘ return to him ’ ?
A FLYING scroll , a woman sealed inside a container , and two women soaring in the wind with wings like those of storks ​ — such dramatic images are found in the book of Zechariah .
Why did Jehovah give these striking visions to his prophet ?
What was the situation of the Israelites at that time ?
How does Zechariah’s record of those visions affect us today ?
The year 537 B.C.E . was one of rejoicing for Jehovah’s dedicated people .
After 70 long years of captivity , they were freed from Babylon .
With an initial burst of enthusiasm , they got to work on restoring true worship in Jerusalem .
In 536 B.C.E . , the foundation of the temple was laid .
At that time the people were “ shouting so loudly that the sound was heard from a great distance . ”
However , opposition soon mounted against their construction project .
Discouraged by the many challenges and difficulties , the people left off building the temple and began looking after their own homes and cultivating their fields .
Sixteen years later , the building of Jehovah’s temple was at a standstill .
God’s people needed to be reminded that they should return to Jehovah and stop putting their personal pursuits first .
Jehovah wanted them to return to him , to resume their fearless , wholehearted worship of him .
To help his people recall why they were freed from Babylon in the first place , God sent his prophet Zechariah in 520 B.C.E .
The very name Zechariah , which means “ Jehovah Has Remembered , ” may have brought to mind a vital truth .
Though they had forgotten Jehovah’s saving acts , God still remembered his people .
( Read Zechariah 1 : 3 , 4 . )
He lovingly assured them that he would help them to reestablish pure worship , but he also firmly warned them that he would not tolerate halfhearted worship .
Let us see how , by means of Zechariah’s sixth and seventh visions , Jehovah stirred them to action .
Also , what lessons can we today learn from this ?
What did Zechariah see in his sixth vision , and what is significant about the scroll’s having writing on both sides ?
( See opening image 1 . )
Chapter 5 of Zechariah begins with an unusual vision .
( Read Zechariah 5 : 1 , 2 . )
Zechariah sees flying through the air a scroll nearly 30 feet ( 9 m ) long and 15 feet ( 4.5 m ) wide !
It is unrolled , ready to be read .
It contains a judgment message , which fills both sides of the scroll .
Usually , only one side of a scroll was used , so this scroll clearly contains a weighty and serious message .
Stealing of any kind has no place among Christians ( See paragraphs 5 - 7 )
5 , 6 .
How does Jehovah view any kind of stealing ?
Read Zechariah 5 : 3 , 4 .
While all of mankind are accountable to Jehovah , his name people are even more so .
Those who love God realize that any form of stealing would “ dishonor the name of [ their ] God . ”
No matter what the motive or how excusable the theft might seem under the circumstances , a thief puts greedy desire above God , placing too much value on material possessions .
He minimizes God’s law , disregarding Jehovah and His name as being of no force or importance .
Did you notice at Zechariah 5 : 3 , 4 that “ the curse . . . [ would ] enter into the house of the thief . . . and it [ would ] remain inside that house and consume it ” ?
Jehovah’s adverse judgment cannot be kept out by bars and locks .
It can penetrate any hiding place to uncover wrongdoing among Jehovah’s people .
Even if a person is able to conceal thievery from authorities , employers , elders , or parents , he cannot hide it from God , who guarantees that every theft will be exposed .

How refreshing it is to associate with people who are ever conscious of being honest “ in all things ” ! ​ — Heb .
13 : 18 .
How can we escape the curse of the flying scroll ?
All forms of stealing are offensive to Jehovah .
We view it as an honor to live up to Jehovah’s high moral standard , maintaining conduct that in no way brings reproach on his name .
Thus , we may succeed in escaping Jehovah’s judgment against those who deliberately violate his law .
8 - 10 . ( a ) What is an oath ?
( b ) What oath did King Zedekiah fail to keep ?
The message written on the flying scroll next delivers a warning to those ‘ who make a false oath in God’s name . ’
An oath is a sworn statement to certify that something is true or a solemn promise that a person will or will not do a certain thing .
It is a very serious matter to swear an oath in the name of Jehovah .
That is exactly what the last king to occupy the throne of Jerusalem did .
Zedekiah swore by Jehovah that he would remain a loyal vassal to the king of Babylon .
However , Zedekiah did not keep his sworn oath .
As a result , Jehovah passed judgment on him in these words : “ As surely as I am alive , . . . [ Zedekiah ] will die in Babylon , in the place where the king who made him king lives , the one whose oath he despised and whose covenant he broke . ” ​ — Ezek .
17 : 16 .
King Zedekiah owed it to Jehovah to live up to the oath that he had sworn in God’s name .
Instead , Zedekiah turned to Egypt in a fruitless attempt to break free from Babylon’s yoke . ​ — Ezek .
17 : 11 - 15 , 17 , 18 .
11 , 12 . ( a ) What is the most important vow we will ever make ?
( b ) In what ways should our dedication vow affect our daily lives ?
Jehovah also listens to the promises that we make .
He takes our vows seriously , and we must fulfill them in order to have his approval .
Of all the promises we make , the most important is the one we make when we dedicate ourselves to Jehovah .
Dedication is a solemn vow to serve Jehovah unconditionally .
How can we prove true to our dedication vow ?
Our stand during tests both large and small should show that we take seriously our pledge to praise Jehovah “ day after day . ”
For example , when someone on the job or at school flirts with us , do we see this as an opportunity to “ take pleasure in [ Jehovah’s ] ways ” by rejecting such advances ?
If we live in a divided household , do we ask Jehovah for his help to maintain the Christian personality even when no one else around us is making such an effort ?
Do we daily approach our loving heavenly Father in prayer , thanking him for bringing us under his rulership and for loving us ?
Are we making time to read the Bible daily ?
Did we not , in effect , promise that we would do such things ?
It is a matter of obedience . Our full share in worship reveals that we love Jehovah and are truly dedicated to him .
Our worship is a way of life , not a mere formality .
Fulfilling our promise is for our own good ; our faithfulness leads to a secure future . ​ — Deut . 10 : 12 , 13 .
What can we learn from Zechariah’s sixth vision ?
Zechariah’s sixth vision has helped us to see that lovers of Jehovah should not engage in any kind of stealing or make false oaths .
We also see that despite their failures , Jehovah did not give up on the Israelites .
He understood the pressures they faced as they were surrounded by enemies .
He sets the example for us by living up to his promises , and he will help us live up to ours .
One way he offers help is by giving us the hope that he will soon put an end to all wickedness throughout the whole earth .
Zechariah’s next vision guarantees this bright hope .
14 , 15 . ( a ) In his seventh vision , what does Zechariah see ?
( See opening image 2 . ) ( b ) What does the woman inside the ephah container represent , and why is she confined and sealed away ?
After seeing the flying scroll , Zechariah is told by an angel to “ look up . ”
What will his seventh vision reveal ?
He now sees a container , called an “ ephah , ” going out .
( Read Zechariah 5 : 5 - 8 . )
This medium - sized container has a “ round lid of lead . ”
When the lid is removed , Zechariah sees “ a woman sitting inside . ”
The angel explains that the woman in the container is “ Wickedness . ”
Imagine Zechariah’s horror as he sees her attempt to crawl out of her confinement !
The angel takes swift action , throwing her back into the container and sealing it shut with the heavy lid .
What does this mean ?
This part of the vision highlights that Jehovah will not tolerate wickedness of any kind among his people .
He will see to it that it is contained and speedily removed .
The angel assures us of this by thrusting the lead lid back over the container .
Jehovah made every effort to keep pure worship clean ( See paragraphs 16 - 18 )
( a ) What did Zechariah next see happen to the ephah container ?
( See opening image 3 . ) ( b ) Where do the women with wings take the ephah container ?
Next on the scene appear two women who have strong wings like those of a stork .
( Read Zechariah 5 : 9 - 11 . )
How different these women are from the woman in the container !
These women use their powerful wings to swoop in and lift up the container containing “ Wickedness . ”
Where are they taking her ?
Wickedness is deposited in “ the land of Shinar , ” or Babylon .
Why , though , would they take the container to Babylon ?
17 , 18 . ( a ) Why is Shinar the “ proper place ” for “ Wickedness ” to reside ?
( b ) What should be our resolve regarding wickedness ?
To the Israelites of Zechariah’s day , Shinar would be a fitting place for Wickedness to be confined .
Zechariah and his fellow Jews could confirm that Babylon was a place of wickedness in their day .
Having grown up amid the filthy and idolatrous ways of this city , they had to fight every day to resist the spirit of that pagan world .
What a relief this vision must have brought them ​ — a guarantee that Jehovah would keep pure worship clean !
However , the vision also reminded the Jews of their responsibility to maintain the purity of their worship .
Wickedness cannot and will not be allowed to creep into and dwell among Jehovah’s people .
After we have been brought into the protective and loving care of God’s clean organization , we have the responsibility to help maintain it .
Are we moved to keep our “ house ” clean ?
Wickedness in any form does not belong in our spiritual paradise .
What do the dramatic visions of Zechariah mean for us today ?
Zechariah’s sixth and seventh visions are a sober warning to those who persist in dishonest ways , a reminder that Jehovah does not tolerate wrongdoing . On the part of his sincere worshippers , there must be a genuine hatred of wickedness .
These accounts are also a loving reassurance from our heavenly Father .
If we diligently work to be the sort of people who have God’s approval and protection , we will not have to face a death - dealing curse .
Rather , Jehovah will gladly bless us .
All our struggles to remain clean in a world full of wickedness will be worthwhile .
We can be sure that we can succeed with Jehovah’s help !
But how can we be sure that true worship will prevail in this world filled with ungodliness ?
What guarantee do we have that Jehovah will protect his organization as the great tribulation approaches ?
These questions will be discussed in the next article .
“ It will occur ​ — if you do not fail to listen to the voice of Jehovah your God . ” ​ — ZECH .
6 : 15 .
SONGS : 61 , 22
Of what does Zechariah’s final vision assure God’s people ?
How do the two copper mountains and the chariots provide encouragement for us ?
How do you feel about the greatest building work going on today ?
1 , 2 .
At the close of Zechariah’s seventh vision , what was the situation of the Jews in Jerusalem ?
AS Zechariah’s seventh vision closes , the prophet has much to think about .
Jehovah had guaranteed that he would hold dishonest people accountable for their wicked deeds .
This promise surely strengthened Zechariah .
Yet , nothing had really changed .
Dishonesty and other wicked practices were still present , and the rebuilding of Jehovah’s temple in Jerusalem was far from complete .
How could the Jews have abandoned their divinely appointed task so quickly ?
Had they returned to their homeland simply to further their own interests ?
Zechariah knew that the Jews who moved to Jerusalem were men and women of faith .
They were the ones “ whose spirit the true God had stirred ” to leave behind the security of their homes and businesses .
They left a land that was familiar to them in order to move to a place most of them had never seen .
If the rebuilding of Jehovah’s temple was not important , they would not have made the difficult journey of some 1,000 miles ( 1,600 km ) through a harsh land .
3 , 4 .
What obstacles did the returning Jews face ?
What would that journey have been like ?
As the Jews traveled along , they no doubt spent many hours thinking about their new home .
They had heard how beautiful the city of Jerusalem once was .
The oldest ones among them had seen the former glory of the temple .
If you had traveled with them , how would you have felt when you first caught sight of Jerusalem , your new home ?
Would you have been saddened when you saw the ruined buildings overgrown with weeds ?
Would you have compared the massive double walls of Babylon with Jerusalem’s broken - down walls , with large gaps where gates and watchtowers once stood ?
Yet , the people took heart .
They had already seen Jehovah’s saving hand in their behalf throughout their long trip homeward .
The first thing they did upon arriving was set up an altar on the site of the former temple , and they began to offer daily sacrifices to Jehovah .
In their initial excitement , it seemed that nothing could discourage them .
In addition to the temple work , the Israelites had to rebuild their cities .
They had houses to restore , fields to plant , and mouths to feed .
The work before them seemed overwhelming .
Then the opposition came ​ — hard and fast .
Although they initially took a firm stand , 15 years of hostility took their toll .
A crushing blow was dealt in 522 B.C.E . when the Persian king banned further building in Jerusalem .
The future of that city seemed uncertain . ​ — Ezra 4 : 21 - 24 .
How did Jehovah respond to the inactivity of his people ?
Jehovah knew what his people needed .
God gave Zechariah a final vision to assure the Jews of His love and appreciation for all that they had done so far and to guarantee protection for them if they would return to His work .

In connection with rebuilding the temple , Jehovah promised : “ It will occur ​ — if you do not fail to listen to the voice of Jehovah your God . ” ​ — Zech .
6 : 15 .
( a ) How does Zechariah’s eighth vision begin ?
( See opening image . ) ( b ) Why are the horses of different colors ?
The last of Zechariah’s eight visions may perhaps be the most faith - strengthening .
( Read Zechariah 6 : 1 - 3 . )
Picture the scene : Charging forward “ from between two mountains . . . of copper ” come four chariots , likely fitted for battle .
The horses pulling the chariots are of different colors .
This would help to distinguish one rider from the next .
“ What are these ? ”
asked Zechariah .
We too want to know , as this vision directly affects us .
Jehovah still uses his angels to protect and strengthen his people
7 , 8 . ( a ) What do the two mountains represent ?
( b ) Why are the mountains made of copper ?
In the Bible , mountains can represent kingdoms , or governments .
The mountains in Zechariah’s account are similar to two mountains described in Daniel’s prophecy .
One mountain represents Jehovah’s universal and eternal rulership .
The other mountain represents the Messianic Kingdom in the hands of Jesus .
Since Jesus ’ enthronement in the autumn of 1914 , both mountains have been present and have played a special role in the fulfillment of God’s will on earth .
Why are the mountains made of copper ?
Like gold , copper is a metal that is highly valued .
Jehovah directed that this shiny metal be used in the construction of the tabernacle and later in the temple in Jerusalem .
Appropriately , then , the copper of the two symbolic mountains reminds us of the excellent quality of Jehovah’s universal sovereignty and of the Messianic Kingdom , which will provide stability and blessings to all mankind .
Who are the riders of the chariots , and what is their assignment ?

Now back to the chariots .
What do they and their riders represent ?
The riders of the chariots are angels , likely groups or divisions of angels .
( Read Zechariah 6 : 5 - 8 . )
They are going out from “ before the Lord of the whole earth ” with a special mission to fulfill . What assignment are they given ?
The chariots and their riders are sent out to care for specific territories .
Their responsibility is to protect Jehovah’s people , particularly from “ the land of the north , ” Babylon .
Jehovah would make sure that Babylon would not enslave his people again .
What comfort this must have brought to the temple builders in Zechariah’s day !
They did not have to worry about interference from their enemies .
What assurance can God’s people today draw from Zechariah’s prophecy about the chariots and their riders ?
As in Zechariah’s day , Jehovah of armies still uses his angels to protect and strengthen his people .
Ever since spiritual Israel was released from symbolic captivity to Babylon the Great in 1919 , the expansion of true worship has been unstoppable despite relentless opposition .
Because we have angelic protection , we need not fear that Jehovah’s organization might go through another time of spiritual oppression .
Instead , we can be sure that God’s servants worldwide will continue to flourish spiritually .
As we reflect on Zechariah’s vision , we do not doubt that we are safe in the shadow of the two mountains .
Why do we not need to fear the coming attack on God’s people ?
Very soon the political powers of Satan’s world will form a coalition that is bent on the destruction of God’s people .
Ezekiel’s prophecy describes these forces as covering the land like the clouds and coming up against us in a fury , riding on horses .
* Do we have anything to fear ?
Not at all !
We have a cavalry on our side .
At that critical moment during the great tribulation , the angelic soldiers of Jehovah of armies will come together to protect God’s people and destroy those who oppose his sovereignty .
What a day that will be !
But who takes the lead among Jehovah’s heavenly army ?
12 , 13 . ( a ) What action is Zechariah now told to take ?
( b ) Explain how the man named Sprout is prophetic of Jesus Christ .
Zechariah has had eight visions that he alone observed .
Now he participates in a prophetic act as an encouragement to those who are restoring God’s temple .
( Read Zechariah 6 : 9 - 12 . )
Zechariah is told to collect silver and gold from Heldai , Tobijah , and Jedaiah ​ — three new arrivals returning from Babylon — ​ and to make “ a grand crown ” out of the contributions .
Is Zechariah told to place the crown on the head of Governor Zerubbabel of the tribe of Judah and a descendant of David ?
No .
Observers must have been intrigued when he placed the crown on High Priest Joshua .
Did the crowning of High Priest Joshua make him a king ?
No , Joshua was not from the royal line of David and thus did not qualify to be king .
His crowning was prophetic , pointing to a future and eternal king and priest .
The high priest who is made king is named Sprout .
The Scriptures clearly indicate that Sprout is Jesus Christ . ​ — Isa .
11 : 1 ; Matt . 2 : 23 , ftn .
What work does Jesus take on as King and High Priest ?
Acting as both King and High Priest , Jesus is the leader of Jehovah’s heavenly army .
As such , he works diligently so that God’s people as a whole may dwell in security despite living in the midst of this hostile world .
In the near future , Christ will take the lead in conquering the nations in support of God’s sovereignty and in defending Jehovah’s people .
Before executing judgment , however , Sprout has a great work to accomplish .
15 , 16 . ( a ) What restoration and refining work has been accomplished in modern times , and by whom ?
( b ) What will result by the end of Christ’s Thousand Year Reign ?
In addition to being commissioned King and High Priest , Jesus was assigned to “ build the temple of Jehovah . ”
( Read Zechariah 6 : 13 . )
In modern times , Jesus ’ building work involved liberating true worshippers from Babylon the Great and restoring the Christian congregation in 1919 .
He also appointed a “ faithful and discreet slave ” to take the lead in directing the work in the earthly courtyards of the great spiritual temple .
Jesus has also been busy refining God’s people and helping them to render worship that is clean . ​ — Mal .
3 : 1 - 3 .
During the Thousand Year Reign , Jesus and his 144,000 associate kings and priests will bring faithful humans to perfection .
When this is accomplished , only true worshippers of God will be left on the cleansed earth .
Finally , true worship will be fully restored !
What reassurance does Jehovah next give the Jews , and how does his message affect them ?
How , though , did Zechariah’s message affect the Jews in his day ?
Jehovah had guaranteed stability and protection for their work .
His assurance that the temple would be built must have brought hope to their tired hearts .
But how would just a few accomplish so much work ?
Zechariah’s next words remove any remaining fear or doubt .
In addition to the support of faithful ones like Heldai , Tobijah , and Jedaiah , God tells of many others who would “ come and take part in building the temple of Jehovah . ”
( Read Zechariah 6 : 15 . )
Confident of divine backing , the Jews quickly swing into action , resuming their building work despite the ban .
Soon Jehovah removes the mountainlike obstacle of the official ban , and the temple is completed in 515 B.C.E .
The words of Jehovah , however , describe things far greater for our day .
Jehovah will never forget the love that we show for him !
( See paragraphs 18 , 19 )
How is Zechariah 6 : 15 being fulfilled in our day ?
Today , millions join in true worship , and they are moved from the heart to contribute their “ valuable things , ” which include their time , energy , and resources in support of Jehovah’s great spiritual temple .
How can we be certain that Jehovah values our loyal support ?
Remember that Heldai , Tobijah , and Jedaiah brought the materials for the crown that Zechariah made .
The crown then served “ as a memorial , ” or “ reminder , ” of their contribution toward true worship .
Likewise , the work and the love we show for Jehovah will never be forgotten .
They will remain forever , cherished in Jehovah’s memory .
What effect should Zechariah’s visions have on us today ?
All that has been accomplished for true worship in these last days is tangible evidence of Jehovah’s blessing and Christ’s leadership .
We are part of a stable , secure , and everlasting organization .
Jehovah’s purpose regarding pure worship “ will occur . ”
Cherish your place among Jehovah’s people , and “ do not fail to listen to the voice of Jehovah your God . ”
Then you can remain under the protection of our King and High Priest and of the heavenly riders of the chariots .
Have as full a share as possible in supporting true worship .
As you do so , you can be certain that Jehovah of armies will keep you safe and secure during the remainder of this system of things ​ — and for eternity !
For more information , see “ Questions From Readers ” in The Watchtower , May 15 , 2015 , pp . 29 - 30 .
IN A small town in Gujarat , India , John’s father was baptized as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses in the late 1950 ’ s .
John as well as his five brothers and sisters and their mother were all staunch Roman Catholics and as such were opposed to the father’s faith .
One day , John’s father asked John to deliver an envelope to a friend in the congregation .
That morning , however , John cut his finger badly while opening a large tin barrel .
Nevertheless , wanting to obey his father , he tied a rag around his bleeding finger and set out on foot to deliver the envelope .
When John arrived at the address , the recipient’s wife , who was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , accepted the envelope .
She noticed John’s injured finger and offered to help .
She got out her first - aid kit , cleaned the wound with an antiseptic , and bandaged the finger .
Then she made John a cup of hot tea , all the while talking to him in a friendly manner about the Bible .
By this time , John’s prejudice toward the Witnesses was beginning to melt , so he asked her about two topics on which his father’s beliefs differed from his ​ — whether Jesus is God and whether Christians should pray to Mary .
Having learned John’s native Gujarati , the Witness answered him from the Bible and gave him the booklet “ This Good News of the Kingdom . ”
Later , as he read the booklet , John felt that he was hearing Bible truth for the first time .
He went to his priest and asked him the same two questions .
The priest soon lost his temper and threw a Bible at him , shouting : “ You’ve become Satan !
Show me where the Bible says that Jesus is not God .
Show me where it says that you should not worship Mary .
Show me ! ”
John was so shocked by the priest’s behavior that he told the priest , “ I will never set foot in a Catholic church again . ”
And he never did !
John started to study with the Witnesses , took his stand for true worship , and began serving Jehovah .
In time , several other members of the family did the same .
Today , John still has a scar on the forefinger of his right hand where he cut himself some 60 years ago .
He fondly remembers the one act of Christian kindness that drew him to a life of pure worship . ​ — 2 Cor .
6 : 4 , 6 .
OATHS had their proper place according to the Mosaic Law .
However , their use became so common in the everyday life of Jesus ’ contemporaries that there was the tendency to reinforce practically any utterance by swearing to it .
This frivolous practice was intended to add credence to one’s statements ; yet , Jesus twice denounced it .
Instead , he taught : “ Just let your word ‘ Yes ’ mean yes , your ‘ No , ’ no . ” ​ — Matt .
5 : 33 - 37 ; 23 : 16 - 22 .
According to the Theological Dictionary of the New Testament , that “ the inclination of the Jewish people to confirm all possible statements by an oath ” was very strong may be discerned from passages of the Talmud , which painstakingly specifies which oaths were to be considered binding and which were not .
Jesus was not alone in condemning these abuses .
For example , the Jewish historian Flavius Josephus said of a Jewish sect : “ Swearing they avoid , regarding it as worse than perjury , for they say that one who is not believed without an appeal to God stands condemned already . ”
The Jewish apocryphal writing known as the Wisdom of Sirach , or Ecclesiasticus , ( 23 : 11 ) likewise states : “ A man given to swearing is lawless to the core . ”
Jesus , then , condemned the practice of taking oaths lightly .
If we speak the truth at all times , we should not have to take an oath to make our words more believable .
3 Make a Joyful Sound !
For Jehovah’s people , singing has always been an integral part of worship .
However , some may feel uncomfortable singing in public .
How can we overcome the fear of using our voice to sing praises to Jehovah ?
This article gives us good reasons to sing out joyfully and offers some suggestions for improving our singing voice .
8 Are You Taking Refuge in Jehovah ?
13 Imitate Jehovah’s Justice and Mercy
We can learn valuable lessons from the arrangement of the cities of refuge in ancient Israel .
In the first article , look for ways that sinners can take refuge in Jehovah today .
In the second article , see how Jehovah’s example helps us to forgive others , respect life , and act justly .
18 “ The Generous Person Will Be Blessed ”
20 Reject Worldly Thinking
25 Let Nothing Deprive You of the Prize
These two articles are based on Paul’s inspired counsel to the Christians in Colossae .
The first article explains what to do when we hear worldly ideas that may sound appealing or convincing .
The second article reminds us of how to avoid attitudes that could deprive us of the blessings that Jehovah has promised .
30 How Can You Adjust to Your New Congregation ?
“ It is good to sing praises to our God . ” ​ — PS .
147 : 1 .
SONGS : 10 , 2
What role does singing play in true worship ?
How can you overcome obstacles and sing praises to Jehovah with feeling ?
What improvements have been made in the new songbook , and how can you make the best use of it ?
What does singing enable us to do ?
A POPULAR lyricist once said : “ Words make you think thoughts .
Music makes you feel a feeling .
But a song makes you feel a thought . ”
What better thoughts could we “ feel ” than those that express praise and love for our heavenly Father , Jehovah ?
It is no wonder that singing is a prominent aspect of pure worship , whether we are alone when we sing or we are with the congregation of God’s people .
2 , 3 . ( a ) How might some feel about singing aloud with the congregation ?
( b ) What questions will we consider ?
How , though , do you feel about singing aloud with the congregation ?
Do you find it embarrassing ?
In some cultures , men may feel uncomfortable singing in public .
This view can affect the whole congregation , especially if those taking the lead find reasons to hold back or to engage in other activities while the rest of the congregation is singing . ​ — Ps . 30 : 12 .
If we truly consider singing as part of our worship , we certainly will not want to walk out on or be absent from that part of the meeting program .
Thus , each one of us should ask himself : ‘ How do I view the singing at our meetings for worship ?
How can I overcome any apprehension that may hold me back from singing out joyfully ?
And what can I do to express fully the feeling of the songs we sing ? ’
4 , 5 .
How extensive were the arrangements for singing in worship in ancient Israel ?
Faithful worshippers of Jehovah have long used music as a way to praise Jehovah .
It is noteworthy that when the ancient Israelites were faithfully serving Jehovah , singing was prominent in their worship .
For example , in preparation for service at the temple , King David organized 4,000 Levites to provide music of praise .
Among these , 288 were “ trained in song to Jehovah , all experts . ” ​ — 1 Chron . 23 : 5 ; 25 : 7 .
At the inauguration of the temple , music and singing played a prominent role .
The account tells us : “ At the moment when the trumpeters and the singers were praising and thanking Jehovah in unison , and as the sound ascended from the trumpets , the cymbals , and the other musical instruments as they were praising Jehovah , . . . the glory of Jehovah filled the house of the true God . ”
What a faith - strengthening occasion that must have been ! ​ — 2 Chron . 5 : 13 , 14 ; 7 : 6 .
Describe the special presentation of singing during Nehemiah’s rule as governor in Jerusalem .
When Nehemiah led the faithful Israelites in rebuilding the walls of Jerusalem , he also organized the Levite singers with full instrumental accompaniment .
When the rebuilt walls were dedicated , the special music presentation contributed greatly to the joy of the occasion .
This time , there were “ two large thanksgiving choirs . ”
Walking in opposite directions , the choirs met on the wall close to the temple area to create a sound that could be heard from far away .
Jehovah was no doubt pleased to hear his worshippers enthusiastically praising him in song .
How did Jesus emphasize the need for singing in Christian worship ?
With the establishment of the Christian congregation , music continued to be a prominent feature of true worship .
On the most important night in human history , Jesus included the singing of songs after the institution of the Lord’s Evening Meal . ​ — Read Matthew 26 : 30 .
How did the first - century Christians set a pattern of singing in worship ?
First - century Christians set a pattern of praising God together in song .
Even though they often met in private homes , the modest surroundings for worship did not diminish their zeal for singing to Jehovah .
Under inspiration , the apostle Paul directed his Christian brothers : “ Keep on teaching and encouraging one another with psalms , praises to God , spiritual songs sung with gratitude , singing in your hearts to Jehovah . ”
The songs in our songbook are truly “ spiritual songs [ to be ] sung with gratitude . ” They are a part of the spiritual food provided by “ the faithful and discreet slave . ” ​ — Matt .
24 : 45 .
( a ) What might prevent some from singing out joyfully at our meetings and assemblies ?
( b ) How should we sing praises to Jehovah , and who should take the lead ?
( See opening picture . )
What if singing is not customary in your family , culture , or environment ?
With the availability of modern technology , you may enjoy listening to professional singers .
Yet , you may feel embarrassed or disappointed when comparing your voice with productions from the entertainment world .
That , however , should not interfere with your responsibility to sing praises to Jehovah .
Rather , hold your songbook up high , lift your head , and sing with heartfelt expression !
What should we remember if fear inhibits us from singing out ?
One factor that keeps many from singing with a full voice is fear .
It may be fear of standing out or of possibly sounding unpleasant to others .
However , we should keep in mind that when we speak , “ we all stumble many times . ”



Yet , that does not stop us from speaking .
So why should we let our imperfect singing voices stop us from praising Jehovah in song ?
11 , 12 .
What are some suggestions for improving our singing ?
Perhaps we are apprehensive about singing because we are unsure of how to sing . Yet , we can improve our singing by applying some basic suggestions .
*
You can learn to sing with power and volume by breathing properly .
Much as electricity powers a light bulb , breathing energizes your voice when you speak or sing .
You should sing as loud as you speak or even louder than that .
( See the suggestions found in Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education , pages 181 to 184 , under the subheading “ Properly Control Your Air Supply . ” )
In fact , within the context of singing praises , the Scriptures sometimes direct Jehovah’s worshippers to “ shout joyfully . ” ​ — Ps . 33 : 1 - 3 .
Explain how we can increase our confidence in our singing .
During family worship or even on your own , try the following : Choose one of your favorite songs from our songbook .
Read the lyrics out loud in a strong , confident voice .
Next , using the same volume , say all the words from a single phrase of the song in one breath .
Then sing the phrase , using the same vibrant voice .
Your singing voice will become fuller , and that is a good thing .
Do not let it scare you or embarrass you !
( a ) How can opening our mouth wider help our singing ?
( See the box “ How to Improve Your Singing . ” ) ( b ) What suggestions for overcoming voice problems do you find practical ?
You will not produce a full singing voice unless you make space in your mouth .
So another suggestion is to open your mouth wider than you do for normal speaking .
What should you do if you feel that you have a weak voice or perhaps a voice that is too high - pitched ?
You can find practical suggestions regarding these problems in Benefit From Theocratic Ministry School Education , page 184 , in the box “ Overcoming Specific Problems . ” ( See paragraphs 11 - 14 ) Use good posture Take a deep breath Open your mouth and throat wide
Sing out ( a ) What announcement was made at the 2016 annual meeting ?
( b ) What are some of the objectives of the new songbook ?
There was excitement at the 2016 annual meeting of the Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania when Brother Stephen Lett of the Governing Body announced that a new songbook , entitled “ Sing Out Joyfully ” to Jehovah , would soon be available for use at the meetings .
Brother Lett explained that one objective of the revision was to bring the songs into harmony with the revised New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
This required removing or revising lyrics that used expressions no longer found in the New World Translation as a result of the 2013 revision .
Further , new songs about our preaching work and songs that express our appreciation for the ransom have been included .
Also , because singing is an integral part of our worship , the Governing Body wanted to produce a high - quality book that matches the cover of the revised New World Translation .
16 , 17 .
What refinements were made in the new songbook ?
To make “ Sing Out Joyfully ” to Jehovah easier to use , the songs are arranged by subject matter .
For example , the first 12 songs relate to Jehovah , the next 8 songs are about Jesus and the ransom , and so on .
There is a subject index that will be helpful , for instance , when choosing a song for a public talk .
To help everyone to sing from the heart , some lyrics have been revised to improve clarity of thought and to remove words that are no longer in common use .
For example , the word “ shall ” is not widely used today , so it has been replaced .
Similarly , the title “ Long - Suffering ” has been changed to “ Exercise Patience , ” and the lyrics have been adjusted accordingly .
The change of the title “ Guard Your Heart ” to “ We Guard Our Hearts ” was most considerate . Why ?
In the audience at our meetings , assemblies , and conventions are many new ones , interested ones , young ones , and sisters who by singing the words would be put in the awkward position of telling others what to do . So the title and the lyrics were modified .
Practice the songs during family worship ( See paragraph 18 )
Why should we become familiar with the songs in our new songbook ?
( See footnote . )
Many of the songs from “ Sing Out Joyfully ” to Jehovah are in the form of a prayer .
With these songs , you can express your personal feelings to Jehovah .
Other songs will help “ to incite [ us ] to love and fine works . ”
Surely we want to become familiar with the melodies , rhythms , and lyrics of our songs .
You can do so by listening to the vocal renditions available on jw.org .
By practicing the songs at home , you can learn to sing them with confidence and heartfelt expression .
*
How can all in the congregation directly share in worshipping Jehovah ?
Remember that singing is an important feature of our worship .
It is a powerful way to show our love and appreciation for Jehovah .
( Read Isaiah 12 : 5 . )
When you sing out joyfully , you will also encourage others to sing with confidence .
Indeed , all in the congregation ​ — young , old , and newly interested ones — ​ can join in this form of direct worship of Jehovah .
So do not hold back in expressing yourself in song .
Instead , obey the clear direction from the inspired psalmist : “ Sing to Jehovah ! ”
Yes , make a joyful sound ! ​ — Ps . 96 : 1 .
For more instruction on improving the singing voice , see the December 2014 monthly program on JW Broadcasting ( video category FROM OUR STUDIO ) .
To help us get into the spirit of singing , each of the convention and assembly program sessions opens with a ten - minute music presentation .
These orchestral arrangements are composed in such a way that they will prepare our heart and mind for the program to follow .
Therefore , we are encouraged to be in our seats from the start and to listen attentively to these music programs .
“ Jehovah is redeeming the life of his servants ; none of those taking refuge in him will be found guilty . ” ​ — PS .
34 : 22 .
SONGS : 8 , 54
the role of the elders in helping a person recover from a serious sin ?
the need to take decisive action to benefit from God’s mercy ?
the completeness of Jehovah’s forgiveness ?
Because of sin , what feelings are common among God’s faithful servants ?
“ MISERABLE man that I am ! ”

Many of God’s faithful servants have echoed those words of the apostle Paul .
We all suffer from inherited sin , and when our actions do not reflect our keen desire to please Jehovah , we may feel miserable .
Some Christians who have committed a serious sin have even felt that they are beyond God’s forgiveness .
( a ) How does Psalm 34 : 22 indicate that God’s servants need not be overwhelmed by guilt ?
( b ) What will this article consider ?
( See the box “ Lessons or Antitypes ? ” )
Nevertheless , the Scriptures assure us that those who take refuge in Jehovah do not need to feel overwhelmed by guilt .
( Read Psalm 34 : 22 . )
What does taking refuge in Jehovah involve ?
What steps must we take in order to receive Jehovah’s mercy and forgiveness ?
We learn the answers to those questions by considering the arrangement of cities of refuge in ancient Israel .
True , that arrangement was instituted under the Law covenant , which was replaced at Pentecost 33 C.E .
Remember , though , that the Law came from Jehovah .
So from the arrangement of the cities of refuge , we learn Jehovah’s view of sin , sinners , and repentance .
First , let us get an overview of the purpose and function of these cities .
How did the Israelites handle cases of willful murder ?
Jehovah took seriously all cases of bloodshed in ancient Israel .
Willful murderers were put to death by the victim’s nearest male relative , known as “ the avenger of blood . ”
This act atoned for the innocent human blood that had been spilled .
Swift execution protected the Promised Land from becoming defiled , for Jehovah commanded : “ You must not pollute the land in which you live , for [ the shedding of human ] blood pollutes the land . ” ​ — Num . 35 : 33 , 34 .
How were cases of accidental bloodshed handled in Israel ?
How , though , did the Israelites handle cases of accidental bloodshed ?
Although his deed was accidental , an unintentional manslayer was still guilty of shedding innocent blood .
Mercifully , however , he was allowed to flee from the avenger of blood to one of the six cities of refuge .
There , he could find protection .
The unintentional manslayer had to remain in the city of refuge until the high priest’s death . ​ — Num . 35 : 15 , 28 .
How can the arrangement of the cities of refuge help us to understand Jehovah better ?
Designating these cities as cities of refuge was not a human idea .
Jehovah himself commanded Joshua : “ Tell the Israelites , ‘ Select for yourselves the cities of refuge . ’ ”
The cities were given “ a sacred status . ”
Since Jehovah was directly involved in setting these cities apart for special use , we might ask : How does this arrangement help us to have a clearer view of Jehovah’s mercy ?
And what does it teach us about how we can take refuge in him today ?
6 , 7 . ( a ) Describe the role of the elders in judging an unintentional manslayer .
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) Why was it wise for a fugitive to approach the elders ?
After he accidentally killed someone , a fugitive first had to “ present his case in the hearing of the elders ” at the gate of the city of refuge to which he had fled .
He was to be received hospitably .
Some time later , he was sent back to the elders of the city where the killing had occurred , and those elders judged the case .
( Read Numbers 35 : 24 , 25 . )
Only after they had declared the killing accidental would the fugitive be returned to the city of refuge .
Why were the elders involved ?
They were to keep the congregation of Israel clean and to help the unintentional manslayer to benefit from Jehovah’s mercy .
One Bible scholar wrote that if the fugitive neglected to approach the elders , “ it was at his peril . ”
He added : “ His blood was on his own head , because he did not make use of the security God had provided for him . ”
Help was available to the unintentional manslayer , but he had to seek out and accept that help .
If he did not seek refuge in one of the cities Jehovah had set aside , the closest relative of the person he had killed was free to put him to death .
8 , 9 .
Why should a Christian guilty of serious sin approach the elders for help ?
Today , a Christian guilty of serious sin needs to seek the help of congregation elders to recover .
Why is this so important ?
First , the arrangement for elders to handle cases of serious sin comes from Jehovah , as outlined in his Word .
Second , this arrangement fortifies repentant wrongdoers to remain in God’s care and to avoid a pattern of sin .
Third , elders are commissioned and trained to reassure repentant sinners , helping to ease their pain and guilt .
Jehovah calls these older men “ a refuge from the rainstorm . ”
Would you not agree that this arrangement is an expression of God’s mercy ?
Many of God’s servants have discovered the relief that comes from seeking and receiving help from the elders .
A brother named Daniel , for example , committed a serious sin , but for several months he hesitated to approach the elders .
“ After so much time had gone by , ” he admits , “ I thought that there wasn’t anything the elders could do for me anymore .
Still , I was always looking over my shoulder , waiting for the consequences of my actions .
And when I prayed to Jehovah , I felt that I had to preface everything with an apology for what I had done . ”
Finally , Daniel sought the help of the elders .
Looking back , he says : “ Sure , I was scared to approach them .
But afterward , it seemed as if someone had lifted a huge weight off my shoulders .
Now , I feel that I can approach Jehovah without anything being in the way . ”
Today , Daniel has a clean conscience , and he was recently appointed as a ministerial servant .
To receive mercy , what decisive action did an unintentional manslayer have to take ?
An unintentional manslayer had to take action to receive mercy .
He had to flee to the nearest city of refuge .
( Read Joshua 20 : 4 . )
We cannot imagine the fugitive being indifferent ; his life depended on his reaching that city as soon as possible and remaining there !

This meant sacrifice on his part .
He had to leave behind his previous employment , the comforts of home , and the freedom to travel ​ — until the death of the high priest .
* But such inconveniences were worth the effort .
If he were to leave the city , the fugitive would show a callous indifference toward the lifeblood he had shed , and his own life would be in danger .
What actions of a repentant Christian show that he has not taken God’s mercy for granted ?
To benefit from God’s mercy , repentant wrongdoers today must likewise take action .
We must completely abandon the sinful course , fleeing not only from serious sin but also from the lesser sins that often lead to gross wrongdoing .
Under inspiration , the apostle Paul described the actions of repentant Christians in Corinth .
He wrote : “ What a great earnestness your being saddened in a godly way produced in you , yes , clearing of yourselves , yes , indignation , yes , fear , yes , earnest desire , yes , zeal , yes , righting of the wrong ! ”
Earnest actions to abandon a sinful course show Jehovah that we are not complacent , that we have not presumed on his mercy .
A Christian may need to give up what in order to continue to receive divine mercy ?
What might a Christian need to give up in order to continue to receive divine mercy ?
He must be prepared to give up even what is dear to him if it would put him in danger of falling into sin .
If certain friends influence you to do things that displease Jehovah , will you cut off association with them ?
If you struggle to be moderate in your use of alcoholic beverages , are you willing to steer clear of situations that might tempt you to overdrink ?
If you battle sexually immoral desires , are you avoiding any movies , websites , or activities that may trigger unclean thoughts ?
Remember , any sacrifice we make to keep our integrity to Jehovah is worth it .
Nothing stings more than feeling abandoned by him .
At the same time , nothing is more satisfying than feeling his “ everlasting loyal love . ” ​ — Isa .
54 : 7 , 8 .
Explain why a fugitive could feel safe , secure , and happy within the city of refuge .
Once inside a city of refuge , the fugitive was safe .
Regarding those cities , Jehovah said : “ They will serve as a refuge for you . ”
Jehovah did not require the manslayer to be judged again for the same case ; nor was the avenger of blood permitted to enter the city and take the fugitive’s life .
The fugitive thus never had to fear reprisal .
While in the city , he was safe and secure under Jehovah’s protection .
This was not a prison of refuge .
The city offered him an opportunity to work , to help others , and to serve Jehovah in peace .
Yes , a happy and fulfilling life was possible !
Be confident in Jehovah’s forgiveness ( See paragraphs 14 - 16 )
What confidence can a repentant Christian have ?
Some of God’s people who sinned grievously but who repented have felt “ imprisoned ” by their guilt , even feeling that Jehovah will forever view them as tainted by gross wrongdoing .
If you feel that way , please be assured that when Jehovah forgives you , you can feel secure in his mercy !
Daniel , quoted earlier , found this to be true .
After the elders had corrected him and helped him to regain a clear conscience , he said : “ I felt that I could breathe again . After the matter was handled properly , I didn’t have to feel guilty anymore .
Once the sin is gone , it’s gone .
As Jehovah said , he takes your burdens away and puts them far away from you .
You will never have to see them again . ”
Once inside the city of refuge , a fugitive no longer needed to look over his shoulder for the avenger of blood .
Similarly , once Jehovah has forgiven our sin , we do not need to fear that he is looking for a reason to bring up that sin again or to judge us for it . ​ — Read Psalm 103 : 8 - 12 .
15 , 16 .
How can Jesus ’ role as Ransomer and High Priest strengthen your confidence in God’s mercy ?
In fact , we have even greater reason than the Israelites had for confidence in Jehovah’s mercy .
After Paul expressed his misery for failing to obey Jehovah perfectly , he exclaimed : “ Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord ! ”
Yes , despite his struggle with sin and his past wrongdoing ​ — for which he had repented — ​ Paul was confident in God’s forgiveness through Jesus .
As our Ransomer , Jesus cleanses our consciences and gives us inner peace .
As our High Priest , “ he is able also to save completely those who are approaching God through him , because he is always alive to plead for them . ”
If the role of the high priest reassured the Israelites that their sins would be forgiven , how much more so should the services of our High Priest , Jesus , reassure us that “ we may receive mercy and find undeserved kindness to help us at the right time . ” ​ — Heb .
4 : 15 , 16 .
To take refuge in Jehovah , then , exercise faith in Jesus ’ sacrifice .
Do not simply acknowledge the ransom’s value in helping vast numbers of people .
Rather , have faith that the ransom applies to you .
Have faith that the ransom is the basis for forgiving your sins .
Have faith that the ransom offers you the hope of eternal life .
Jesus ’ sacrifice is Jehovah’s gift to you .
Why do you want to take refuge in Jehovah ?
The cities of refuge are a reflection of Jehovah’s mercy .
Through this arrangement , God not only emphasized the sacredness of life but also illustrated how the elders assist us , what true repentance involves , and why we can be completely confident of Jehovah’s forgiveness .
Are you taking refuge in Jehovah ?
There is no safer place to be !
In the next article , we will see how the cities of refuge can help us to imitate Jehovah’s superlative example of justice and mercy . According to Jewish reference works , the unintentional manslayer’s immediate family evidently joined him in the city of refuge .
Beginning in the late 19th century , The Watch Tower drew attention to the prophetic significance of the cities of refuge .
“ This feature of the typical Mosaic law strongly foreshadowed the refuge which the sinner may find in Christ , ” stated the September 1 , 1895 , issue .
“ Seeking refuge in him by faith , there is protection . ”
A century later , The Watchtower identified the antitypical city of refuge as “ God’s provision for protecting us from death for violating his commandment about the sanctity of blood . ”
However , the March 15 , 2015 , issue of The Watchtower explained why our recent publications seldom mention prophetic types and antitypes : “ Where the Scriptures teach that an individual , an event , or an object is typical of something else , we accept it as such .
Otherwise , we ought to be reluctant to assign an antitypical application to a certain person or account if there is no specific Scriptural basis for doing so . ”
Because the Scriptures are silent regarding any antitypical significance of the cities of refuge , this article and the next one emphasize instead the lessons Christians can learn from this arrangement .
“ Judge with true justice , and deal with one another in loyal love and mercy . ” ​ — ZECH .
7 : 9 .
SONGS : 125 , 88
How may we imitate Jehovah’s mercy when others need our forgiveness ?
How do we show that we share Jehovah’s view of life ?
How should elders reflect divine justice when judging cases of wrongdoing ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How did Jesus feel about God’s Law ?
( b ) How did the scribes and Pharisees misrepresent the Law ?
JESUS loved the Mosaic Law . And no wonder !
That Law came from the most important Person in Jesus ’ life ​ — his Father , Jehovah .
Jesus ’ deep affection for the law of God was prophetically expressed at Psalm 40 : 8 : “ To do your will , O my God , is my delight , and your law is deep within me . ”
By word and deed , Jesus affirmed that God’s Law was perfect , beneficial , and sure to be fulfilled . ​ — Matt .
5 : 17 - 19 .
How pained Jesus must have been , then , when he saw the scribes and Pharisees misrepresent his Father’s Law !
They meticulously obeyed some of its smallest details , for Jesus acknowledged : “ You give the tenth of the mint and the dill and the cumin . ”
So , what was the problem ?
He added : “ But you have disregarded the weightier matters of the Law , namely , justice and mercy and faithfulness . ”
Unlike those self - righteous Pharisees , Jesus grasped the spirit behind the Law , the divine qualities reflected in each commandment .
What will this article consider ?
As Christians , we are not under the Law covenant .
Yet , Jehovah preserved that Law for us in his Word , the Bible .
He wants us , not to obsess over the details of the Law , but to discern and apply its “ weightier matters , ” the lofty principles that underpin its commandments .
For example , what principles might we discern in the arrangement of cities of refuge ?
The preceding article outlined lessons learned from the steps taken by the fugitive .
But from the cities of refuge , we also learn about Jehovah and how we may reflect his qualities .
Therefore , this article will answer three questions : How do the cities of refuge reveal Jehovah’s mercy ?
What do they teach us about his view of life ?
How do they reflect his perfect justice ?
In each case , look for ways that you can imitate your heavenly Father . ​ — Read Ephesians 5 : 1 .
4 , 5 . ( a ) How and why were the cities of refuge made easily accessible ?
( b ) What does this teach us about Jehovah ?
The six cities of refuge were easy to access .
Jehovah commanded Israel to distribute the cities evenly on both sides of the Jordan River .
Why ?
So that any fugitive could find refuge quickly and conveniently .
Roads leading to the cities of refuge were kept in good repair .
According to Jewish tradition , guideposts were erected to direct fugitives to the cities .
Since the cities of refuge were available , an unintentional manslayer was not forced to flee to a foreign land , where he might be tempted to take up false worship .
Think of it : Jehovah ​ — the very One who had mandated capital punishment for willful murderers — ​ gave unintentional manslayers ample opportunity to receive compassion and protection !
“ Every thing was made as plain , as simple , and as easy as possible , ” wrote one commentator .
“ Such was God’s gracious way . ”
Jehovah is not a heartless judge who is eager to punish his servants . Rather , he is “ rich in mercy . ” ​ — Eph .
2 : 4 .
How was the Pharisees ’ attitude in contrast with God’s mercy ?
The Pharisees , in contrast , were reluctant to extend mercy .
For example , according to tradition , they were unwilling to forgive the same offense more than three times .
Jesus highlighted their attitude toward offenders by relating an illustration of a Pharisee who prayed : “ O God , I thank you that I am not like everyone else ​ — extortioners , unrighteous , adulterers — ​ or even like this tax collector ” ​ — a tax collector who was humbly praying for God’s mercy .
Why were the Pharisees so unwilling to show mercy ?
The Bible says that they “ considered others as nothing . ” ​ — Luke 18 : 9 - 14 .
Is the “ road ” to your forgiveness open and in good repair ? Be approachable ( See paragraphs 4 - 8 )
7 , 8 . ( a ) When someone sins against you , how can you imitate Jehovah ?
( b ) Why is forgiveness a test of humility ?
Imitate Jehovah , not the Pharisees . Show compassion .
( Read Colossians 3 : 13 . )
One way to do so is to make it easy for others to seek your forgiveness .
Ask yourself : ‘ Is my forgiveness within reach of people who have wronged me , even repeatedly ?
Am I eager to restore peace with someone who has offended me or who has hurt me ? ’
Forgiveness is really a test of humility .
The Pharisees failed that test because they considered others to be inferior .
As Christians , however , we must humbly “ consider others superior ” to us , as worthy of our forgiveness .
Will you imitate Jehovah and pass the test of humility ?
Keep the “ road ” to your forgiveness open and in good repair .
Be quick to extend mercy and slow to take offense . ​ — Eccl .
7 : 8 , 9 .
How did Jehovah impress on the Israelites the sanctity of human life ?
A key purpose of the cities of refuge was to protect the Israelites from bloodguilt .
Jehovah loves life , and he hates murderous “ hands that shed innocent blood . ”
A just and holy God , he could not ignore even accidental bloodshed .
True , an unintentional manslayer was shown mercy .
Even so , he had to present his case before the elders , and if his deed was judged accidental , he had to remain in the city of refuge until the death of the high priest .
This might mean spending the rest of his life there .
These serious consequences impressed on all Israelites the sanctity of human life .
To honor their Life - Giver , they needed to avoid any action or inaction that could endanger the life of their fellow man .
According to Jesus , how did the scribes and Pharisees show a careless disregard for life ?
Unlike Jehovah , the scribes and Pharisees showed a careless disregard for life .
How so ?
“ You took away the key of knowledge , ” Jesus told them .
“ You yourselves did not go in , and you hinder those going in ! ”
They were supposed to unlock the meaning of God’s Word and help others to walk on the road to eternal life . Instead , they directed people away from “ the Chief Agent of life , ” Jesus , leading them toward a course that could end in eternal destruction .
Proud and selfish , the scribes and Pharisees cared little for the life and welfare of their fellow humans .
How cruel and unmerciful !
( a ) How did the apostle Paul show that he shared God’s view of life ?
( b ) What will help us to share Paul’s attitude toward the ministry ?
How can we avoid the attitude of the scribes and Pharisees and imitate Jehovah ?
We should respect and treasure the gift of life .
The apostle Paul did that by giving a thorough witness .
As a result , he could say : “ I am clean from the blood of all men . ”
( Read Acts 20 : 26 , 27 . )
Still , neither guilt nor duty moved Paul to preach .
Rather , he loved people , and their lives were precious to him .
We should likewise strive to cultivate a godly view of life .
Jehovah “ desires all to attain to repentance . ”
Do you ?
You may find that kindling a merciful attitude in your heart will motivate you to increase your zeal in the ministry and fill you with more joy as you do so .
Why is safety important to God’s people ?
We also share Jehovah’s view of life by cultivating a proper attitude toward safety .
We must drive and work safely , even when we are building , maintaining , or traveling to places of worship .
Never put production , finances , or schedules ahead of safety and health .
Our just God always does what is right and proper . We want to be like him .
Elders in particular strive to be conscious of both their own safety and the safety of those working around them .
If an elder reminds you of safety rules and standards , therefore , accept his counsel .
View life as Jehovah views it , and “ no bloodguilt will come upon you . ”
13 , 14 .
How could Israelite elders reflect Jehovah’s justice ?
Jehovah commissioned Israelite elders to imitate his high standard of justice .
First , the elders needed to establish the facts . Further , they had to weigh carefully a manslayer’s motive , attitude , and previous conduct when deciding whether to show mercy .
To reflect divine justice , they had to determine whether the fugitive acted “ out of hatred ” and “ with malicious intent . ”
( Read Numbers 35 : 20 - 24 . )
If the testimony of witnesses was considered , at least two witnesses had to substantiate a charge of intentional murder . ​ — Num . 35 : 30 .
Thus , after establishing the facts of the case , the elders had to look at the person , not just the action .
They needed insight , the ability to look beyond the obvious and to see into a matter .
Above all , they needed Jehovah’s holy spirit , which would enable them to reflect his insight , mercy , and justice . ​ — Ex .
34 : 6 , 7 .
Contrast the way Jesus and the Pharisees viewed sinners .
The Pharisees focused solely on what a sinner had done rather than on who a sinner was at heart .
When Pharisees saw Jesus attending a banquet at Matthew’s home , they asked his disciples : “ Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners ? ”
Jesus replied : “ Healthy people do not need a physician , but those who are ill do .
Go , then , and learn what this means : ‘ I want mercy , and not sacrifice . ’ For I came to call , not righteous people , but sinners . ”
Was Jesus excusing serious wrongdoing ?
Not at all .
In fact , Jesus ’ principal message included the call to repent from sin .
Nevertheless , Jesus insightfully noted that at least some of these “ tax collectors and sinners ” wanted to change .
They were not at Matthew’s home simply to eat . Rather , “ there were many of them who were following [ Jesus ] . ”
Sadly , most Pharisees failed to see in such ones what Jesus saw .
Unlike the just and merciful God they claimed to worship , the Pharisees labeled their fellow men sinners , condemning them as hopeless .
What does a judicial committee endeavor to discern ?
Elders today must be sure to imitate Jehovah , who “ loves justice . ”
First , they need to make “ a thorough investigation and inquiry ” to establish if wrong has been done .
If it has , they will then handle the case according to Scriptural guidelines .
When they serve on judicial committees , they must carefully determine whether a Christian guilty of serious sin is repentant .
Repentance ​ — or the lack of it — ​ is not always obvious .
It involves a person’s viewpoint , disposition , and heart condition .
A sinner must be repentant if he is to receive mercy .
*
17 , 18 .
How can elders discern heartfelt repentance ?
( See opening picture . )
Unlike Jehovah and Jesus , elders cannot read hearts .
If you are an elder , then , how can you meet the challenge of discerning heartfelt repentance ?
First , pray for wisdom and discernment .
Second , consult God’s Word and publications from the faithful slave to help you distinguish “ sadness of the world ” from “ sadness in a godly way , ” genuine repentance .
See how the Scriptures portray both repentant and unrepentant ones .
How does the Bible describe their feelings , their attitude , and their conduct ?
Finally , endeavor to see the whole person .
Take into consideration a wrongdoer’s background , his motives , and his limitations .
Regarding the head of the Christian congregation , Jesus , the Bible prophesied : “ He will not judge by what appears to his eyes , nor reprove simply according to what his ears hear . He will judge the lowly with fairness , and with uprightness he will give reproof in behalf of the meek ones of the earth . ”
You elders are Jesus ’ undershepherds , and he will help you to judge as he judges .
Are we not grateful that we have caring elders who endeavor to do that ?
How we appreciate their tireless efforts to promote mercy and justice in our congregations !
What lesson from the cities of refuge do you plan to apply ?
The Mosaic Law reflected a “ framework of the knowledge and of the truth ” about Jehovah and his righteous principles .
The cities of refuge , for example , teach elders how to “ judge with true justice , ” and they teach all of us how to “ deal with one another in loyal love and mercy . ”
We are no longer under the Law .
Yet , Jehovah does not change , and the qualities of justice and mercy are still important to him .
What a privilege to worship a God in whose image we are made , whose qualities we can imitate , and in whom we can take refuge !
See “ Questions From Readers ” in The Watchtower , September 15 , 2006 , p . 30 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Two Christian sisters share the Bible’s message with a merchant in the town of Tipitapa
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .

SACRIFICES have long been an important part of true worship .
The Israelites offered animal sacrifices , and Christians have always been well - known for their “ sacrifice of praise . ”
Yet , there are other sacrifices with which God is well - pleased .
These sacrifices bring both joy and blessings , as the following examples show .
Hannah , a faithful servant of old , dearly wanted a son but had been unable to bear children .
In prayer , she vowed to Jehovah that if she would bear a son , she would “ give him to Jehovah all the days of his life . ”
In time , Hannah did become pregnant , and she gave birth to a son named Samuel .
After Samuel was weaned , Hannah took him to the tabernacle , just as she had vowed .
Jehovah blessed Hannah for her self - sacrificing spirit .
She was privileged to have five more children , and Samuel became a prophet and a Bible writer . ​ — 1 Sam .
2 : 21 .
Like Hannah and Samuel , Christians today have the privilege of using their lives in dedicated service to their Creator .
Jesus promised that any sacrifices we make to worship Jehovah will be richly rewarded . ​ — Mark 10 : 28 - 30 .
In the first century , a Christian woman named Dorcas was well - known for her “ good deeds and gifts of mercy ” ​ — sacrifices she made to help others .
Sadly , however , “ she fell sick and died , ” bringing grief to the congregation .
When the disciples heard that Peter was in the area , they urged him to come at once .
Imagine their joy when Peter came and raised Dorcas from the dead ​ — the first recorded resurrection by an apostle !
God had not forgotten the sacrifices of Dorcas .
Her record of generosity has been preserved in God’s Word as a fine example for us to imitate .
The apostle Paul likewise set an excellent example of one who gave generously of his time and attention .
Writing to his Christian brothers in Corinth , Paul said : “ For my part , I will most gladly spend and be completely spent for you . ”
Paul learned through experience that sacrificing oneself in behalf of others brings not only personal satisfaction but also ​ — and more important — ​ Jehovah’s blessing and approval . ​ — Acts 20 : 24 , 35 .
Clearly , Jehovah is pleased when we use our time and energy to promote Kingdom interests and assist fellow believers .
But are there other ways in which we can support the Kingdom - preaching work ?
Yes !
In addition to our labors of love , we can honor God by way of our voluntary contributions .
They are used to further the worldwide preaching work , which includes supporting missionaries and other special full - time servants .
In addition , the preparation and translation of literature and videos , the assistance with disaster relief efforts , and the construction of new Kingdom Halls are all cared for by our voluntary contributions .
We can be assured that “ the generous person will be blessed . ”
Moreover , when we give our valuable things to Jehovah , we honor him . ​ — Prov .
3 : 9 ; 22 : 9 .
As in the apostle Paul’s day , many today “ set something aside , ” or budget an amount of money , and place it in the congregation contribution box labeled “ Worldwide Work . ”
Each month , congregations forward these contributions to the office of Jehovah’s Witnesses that serves their branch territory .
It is also possible for you to send donations directly to a legal entity that is used by Jehovah’s Witnesses in the country where you reside .
To learn the name of the primary legal entity used by Jehovah’s Witnesses in the country where you live , please contact the branch office .
The address can be found on www.jw.org .
Depending on local conditions , the types of donations that you can send directly may include :
Donations via electronic bank transfer , debit card , or credit card .
In some branches this is also possible using jw.org or another designated website .
Donations of cash , jewelry , or other valuable personal property .
Include a letter indicating that the cash or the item is an outright donation .
Donations of cash with the condition that it can be returned if needed by the donor .
Include a letter stating that the donation is conditional .
In addition to gifts of money and valuable personal property , there are other ways to benefit Kingdom service worldwide .
These are listed below . Regardless of the method or methods you would like to use , please first contact the branch office that serves your branch territory to see which avenues are available .
Since legal requirements and tax laws vary , it is important to consult qualified tax and legal advisers before choosing the best way to donate .
Insurance and Retirement Plans : A donation made by specifying an entity used by Jehovah’s Witnesses as the beneficiary of a life insurance policy , individual retirement account , or a retirement / ​ pension plan .
Bank Accounts : Bank accounts may be made payable on death to an entity used by Jehovah’s Witnesses in accord with local bank requirements .
Stocks and Bonds : Stocks and bonds donated to an entity used by Jehovah’s Witnesses as an outright gift or by means of a written agreement to transfer on death .
Real Estate : Salable real estate donated to an entity used by Jehovah’s Witnesses , either by making an outright gift or , in the case of residential property , by reserving a life estate to the donor , who can continue to live in the residence during his or her lifetime .
Wills and Trusts : Property or money may be bequeathed to an entity used by Jehovah’s Witnesses by means of a legally executed will or by specifying the entity as the beneficiary of a trust agreement .
This arrangement may provide certain tax advantages .
As the term “ charitable planning ” implies , these types of donations typically require some planning on the part of the donor .
To assist individuals desiring to benefit the worldwide work of Jehovah’s Witnesses through some form of charitable giving , a brochure entitled Charitable Planning to Benefit Kingdom Service Worldwide has been prepared in English and Spanish .
The brochure was written to provide information on a variety of ways that gifts may be made now or later , such as through a bequest at death .
The information covered in this brochure may not apply fully to your situation because of tax laws or other laws in the country where you reside .
By using such methods of charitable giving , many have helped to support our religious and humanitarian activities worldwide and maximize tax benefits .
If available in the country where you reside , the brochure may be obtained by requesting a copy from the secretary of the local congregation .
For more information , select the link “ Make a Donation to Our Worldwide Work ” at the bottom of any page on jw.org , or contact the branch office .
“ Look out that no one takes you captive by means of the philosophy and empty deception . . . of the world . ” ​ — COL .
2 : 8 .
SONGS : 38 , 31
What loving counsel did the apostle Paul give about worldly thinking ?
What is an example of worldly thinking , and how can we reject it ?
How has the information in this article helped you ?
What counsel did the apostle Paul write to fellow Christians ?
( See opening picture . )
THE apostle Paul wrote his letter to Christians in Colossae evidently at the end of his first confinement in Rome , or about 60 - 61 C.E .
He mentioned to them the importance of acquiring “ spiritual comprehension . ”
Paul further stated : “ I am saying this so that no one may delude you with persuasive arguments .
Look out that no one takes you captive by means of the philosophy and empty deception according to human tradition , according to the elementary things of the world and not according to Christ . ”
Paul went on to explain why some popular ideas were wrong and why worldly thinking may be appealing to imperfect people .
For example , it may make a person feel wise and superior to others .
The letter was aimed at helping the brothers to reject worldly thinking and wrong practices . ​ — Col .
2 : 16 , 17 , 23 .
Why will we consider examples of worldly thinking ?
Worldly thinking ignores or belittles Jehovah’s guidelines , and its influence could gradually weaken our faith .
Today , we all are exposed to worldly thinking . It is promoted on television , on the Internet , at work , or at school .
In this article , we will examine what we can do to prevent such thinking from corrupting our mind .
We will consider five examples of worldly thinking and discuss how we can reject these ideas .
What idea is appealing to many people , and why ?
“ I can be a good person without believing in God . ”
In many countries , it is not unusual to hear people say that they do not believe in God ; they consider themselves to be nonreligious .
They may not have examined the question of God’s existence carefully , but they are drawn to the idea of being free to do as they please .
( Read Psalm 10 : 4 . )
Others may feel worldly - wise when they say , “ I can have high principles without believing in God . ”
How could we reason with someone who claims that there is no Creator ?
Is the claim of unbelievers that there is no Creator based on logical reasoning ?
When looking to science to determine whether life was created , a person can easily get lost in a fog of information .
But in reality , the answer is simple .
If a building needs someone to construct it , how much more so do living things !
Actually , the most basic living cells on earth are far more complex than any house because they can do what no house can do ​ — reproduce .
So these cells have a way to store and copy the information needed to replicate themselves .

Where did the design for living cells come from ?
The Bible answers : “ Every house is constructed by someone , but the one who constructed all things is God . ” ​ — Heb .
3 : 4 .
What can we say about the notion that an individual can determine what is good without believing in God ?
How can we reason about the notion that a person can determine what is good without believing in God ?
God’s Word acknowledges that unbelievers may have certain commendable principles .
For example , they may respect and love their parents .
But how well - founded are the moral standards of someone who refuses to acknowledge our loving Creator as the One who sets the standards of right and wrong ?
Many thinking people today will admit that the deplorable conditions on earth confirm that man needs God’s help .
( Read Jeremiah 10 : 23 . )
So we should not be tempted to think that someone could fully determine what is good without believing in God and adhering to his standards . ​ — Ps . 146 : 3 .
What view of religion do many people have ?
“ You can be happy without religion . ”
This example of worldly thinking appeals to many people because they view religion as dull and irrelevant .
Also , many religions turn people away from God by teaching hellfire , collecting tithes , or preaching politics .
No wonder an increasing number of people feel that they can be happy without religion !
Such individuals may say , “ I am interested in spiritual matters , but I do not get involved in organized religion . ”
How does true religion promote happiness ?
Is it really true that one can be happy without religion ?
Certainly an individual can be happy without false religion , but a person cannot be truly happy unless he has a relationship with Jehovah , who is described as “ the happy God . ”
Everything God does benefits others .
His servants are happy because they focus on helping others .
For example , consider how true worship promotes family happiness .
True worship teaches us to honor and respect our spouse , to treat marriage vows as sacred , to avoid adultery , to raise respectful children , and to practice true love .
As a result , such worship unites people in happy congregations and a happy worldwide brotherhood . ​ — Read Isaiah 65 : 13 , 14 .
How can we use Matthew 5 : 3 to reason on the question , What makes people happy ?
How can we analyze the worldly idea that one can be happy without serving God ?
Consider this question , What makes people happy ?
Some find satisfaction in a career , a sport , or a hobby .
Others find satisfaction in caring for family or friends .
All those things can bring pleasure , but our life has a higher purpose that brings lasting happiness .
In contrast with animals , we can come to know our Creator and serve him faithfully .
We have been created in such a way that we find happiness in doing so .
( Read Matthew 5 : 3 . )
For example , true worshippers find delight and derive much encouragement from meeting together to worship Jehovah .
They also enjoy a united brotherhood , a wholesome lifestyle , and a happy hope .
( a ) What idea about sex is common in this world ?
( b ) Why does God’s Word forbid sex outside marriage ?
“ Why condemn sex outside marriage ? ”
People may say to us : “ Life is to be enjoyed .
Why condemn having sex outside marriage ? ”
The suggestion that a Christian should tolerate sexual immorality is wrong .
Why ?
Because God’s Word forbids sexual immorality .
* ( Read 1 Thessalonians 4 : 3 - 8 . )
Jehovah has the right to make laws for us because he created us .
The law of God that permits sexual relations only between a man and a woman who are married to each other is part of what defines the marriage arrangement .
God gives us laws because he loves us .
They benefit us .
Families who obey them enjoy love , respect , and security .
God does not tolerate willful disobedience to his law . ​ — Heb .
13 : 4 .
How can a Christian keep far away from sexual immorality ?
God’s Word teaches us how to keep far away from sexual immorality .
An important way to do so is by controlling what we look at .
Jesus stated : “ Everyone who keeps on looking at a woman so as to have a passion for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart .
If , now , your right eye is making you stumble , tear it out and throw it away from you . ”
Therefore , a Christian will avoid looking at pornography or listening to music with immoral lyrics .
The apostle Paul wrote to fellow Christians : “ Deaden . . . your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality . ”
Further , we need to control what we think about and talk about . ​ — Eph .
5 : 3 - 5 .
Why can pursuing a secular career sound appealing ?
“ Pursuing a career is the key to happiness . ”
Many people urge us to pursue a secular career as our goal in life . Such a career may promise status , authority , and wealth .
Because many make pursuing a career their main goal in life , a Christian might adopt the same way of thinking .
Is succeeding in a career the key to happiness ?
Is it true that succeeding in a secular career that offers power and prestige leads to lasting happiness ?
No .
Remember that the craving to control others and the longing to be admired are the desires that enticed Satan , but he is angry , not happy .
Compared to the lasting joy that comes from helping people to benefit from God’s wisdom so that they can gain everlasting life , a secular career can provide only limited satisfaction .
Moreover , the spirit of this world is intensely competitive .

It pushes people to outdo one another , breeds jealousy , and in the end , proves to be “ a chasing after the wind . ” ​ — Eccl .
4 : 4 .
( a ) How should we view secular pursuits ?
( b ) According to Paul’s letter to the Thessalonians , what gave him deep joy ?
True , we have to earn a living , and there is nothing wrong with choosing work we enjoy .
But our secular employment should not be the main thing in our life .
Jesus said : “ No one can slave for two masters ; for either he will hate the one and love the other , or he will stick to the one and despise the other .
You cannot slave for God and for Riches . ”
When we focus first on serving Jehovah and teaching others his Word , we experience incomparable joy .
The apostle Paul , for one , had that experience .
Earlier in life , he had pursued a promising career in Judaism , but he found true happiness when he became a disciple - maker and witnessed how people responded to God’s message and how it changed their life .
( Read 1 Thessalonians 2 : 13 , 19 , 20 . )
No other career offers satisfaction like that .
Lasting joy comes from helping people to benefit from God’s wisdom ( See paragraphs 12 , 13 )
Why may the idea that man can solve his own problems sound appealing ?
“ Humans can solve their own problems . ”
This worldly idea may sound appealing to many people .
Why ?
If it were true , it would mean that man does not need God’s guidance and that man can do as he pleases .
Also , the idea that man can solve his own problems may sound convincing because ​ — according to some studies — ​ war , crime , disease , and poverty are all decreasing .
One report states : “ The reason humanity is getting better is because humans have decided to make the world a better place . ”
Does a comment like that indicate that man is coming to grips with the problems that have plagued him for so long ?
To answer , let us consider those problems more closely .
What facts underline the gravity of mankind’s problems ?
Wars : The two world wars took an estimated 60 million or more lives .
Since the end of World War II , mankind has certainly not learned to avoid war .
By 2015 , the number of people displaced from their homes by war or persecution had grown to some 65 million .
An estimated 12.4 million people were displaced during 2015 alone .
Crime : Although certain types of crime have decreased in some places , other types , such as cybercrime , domestic violence , and terrorism are increasing at an alarming rate . In addition , many people believe that global corruption has worsened .
Mankind is not able to eliminate crime .
Disease : Some diseases have been controlled .
But a report published in 2013 noted that each year a staggering nine million people under the age of 60 die from heart disease , stroke , cancer , respiratory disease , and diabetes .
Poverty : According to the World Bank , the number of those suffering extreme poverty in Africa alone has grown from 280 million in 1990 to 330 million in 2012 .
( a ) Why can only God’s Kingdom solve mankind’s problems ?
( b ) What Kingdom blessings are foretold by Isaiah and a psalmist ?

The present economic and political systems are powered by selfish forces .
Clearly , such forces cannot eliminate war , crime , disease , and poverty ​ — only God’s Kingdom can .
Consider what Jehovah will do for mankind .
War : God’s Kingdom will eliminate such deep - seated causes of war as selfishness , corruption , patriotism , false religion , and Satan himself .
Crime : God’s Kingdom is already teaching millions to love and trust one another as no other government can .
Disease : Jehovah will bless his people with perfect health .
Poverty : Jehovah will eliminate it and will provide his people with spiritual and physical prosperity , a quality of life far more valuable than riches . ​ — Ps .
72 : 12 , 13 .
How can you reject worldly thinking ?
If you hear a worldly idea that seems to challenge your faith , research what God’s Word says on the subject and discuss the matter with an experienced fellow believer .
Consider why the idea may sound appealing , why such thinking is faulty , and how you can refute it .
Indeed , all of us can protect ourselves against worldly thinking by following the admonition that Paul gave to the congregation in Colossae : “ Go on walking in wisdom toward those on the outside . . .
Know how you should answer each person . ” ​ — Col . 4 : 5 , 6 .
Many people do not realize that the passage found in some Bibles at John 7 : 53 – 8 : 11 is an addition that was not part of the original inspired writings .
On the basis of this passage , some have claimed that only a person without sin could find someone guilty of adultery .
But the law that God gave to the nation of Israel said : “ If a man is found lying down with a woman who is the wife of another man , both of them must die together . ” ​ — Deut . 22 : 22 .
“ Let no man deprive you of the prize . ” ​ — COL .
2 : 18 .
SONGS : 122 , 139
How can we protect ourselves against the enticement of immoral desires ?
How can love and kindness protect us from being deprived of the prize ?
How can we win the prize as a family ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) God’s servants look forward to what prize ?
( b ) What helps us to keep our eyes on the prize ?
( See opening picture . )
LIKE the apostle Paul , spirit - anointed Christians today have the precious prospect of receiving “ the prize of the upward call of God . ”
They look forward to serving with Jesus Christ in his heavenly Kingdom and sharing with him in bringing mankind to perfection .
What a wonderful goal such ones have been invited by God to pursue !
The other sheep have a different hope .
They look forward to gaining the prize of everlasting life on earth ​ — and what a happy prospect that is ! ​ — 2 Pet .
3 : 13 .
To help fellow anointed Christians to stay faithful and attain the prize , Paul urged them : “ Keep your minds fixed on the things above . ”
They were to keep in mind the precious hope of receiving their heavenly inheritance .
Indeed , contemplating the blessings that Jehovah sets before his people helps all of God’s servants to keep their eyes on the prize , whether they have the heavenly or the earthly hope . ​ — 1 Cor .
9 : 24 .
Paul alerted fellow Christians about what dangers ?
Paul also alerted fellow Christians about dangers that could deprive them of the prize .
For example , he wrote to the congregation in Colossae about false Christians who were trying to gain God’s favor through works of the Law rather than through faith in Christ .
Paul also discussed dangers that exist down to this day and that can deprive us of the prize .
For instance , he explained how to resist immoral desires , handle problems with fellow believers , and deal with family difficulties .
His counsel on these matters is valuable for us today .
Therefore , let us examine some of Paul’s loving warnings found in his letter to the Colossians .
Why can immoral desires deprive us of the prize ?
After reminding his brothers of their marvelous hope , Paul wrote : “ Deaden , therefore , your body members that are on the earth as respects sexual immorality , uncleanness , uncontrolled sexual passion , hurtful desire , and greediness . ”
Immoral desires can be very powerful and can deprive us of spiritual treasures .
One brother who was swept away by immoral desires said after he returned to the congregation , “ I was drawn by a force so powerful that I did not turn back until it was too late . ”
How can we protect ourselves in dangerous situations ?
It is especially important to be on guard when we are confronted by circumstances that could tempt us to compromise Jehovah’s moral standards .
For example , it is wise for a couple , right from the start of a courtship , to set clear limits for themselves about such matters as touching , kissing , or being alone together .
Morally dangerous situations may also come up when a Christian is away from home on a business trip or when a Christian has to work with someone of the opposite sex .
If you find yourself in such a situation , identify yourself as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , act in a respectable manner , and remember that flirting can have disastrous consequences .

We may also find ourselves at greater risk if we are depressed and vulnerable .
At such times , we may yearn for someone who makes us feel needed .
We may even become so desperate for emotional support that we will accept attention from just about anyone .
If that ever happens to you , turn to Jehovah and his people for help so as not to allow yourself to be deprived of the prize . ​ — Read Psalm 34 : 18 ; Proverbs 13 : 20 .
As to our choice of entertainment , what should we keep in mind ?
To deaden immoral desires , we need to reject immoral entertainment .
Much of the entertainment industry today has the characteristics of ancient Sodom and Gomorrah .
Industry leaders promote their ideas on morals by presenting sexual immorality as normal behavior , free of painful consequences . We cannot let our guard down , passively accepting any entertainment that is offered .
We need to select forms of entertainment that will not hinder us from keeping our eyes on the prize of life . ​ — Prov .
4 : 23 .
What problems might we face within the Christian congregation ?
We all agree that being part of the Christian congregation is a blessing .
The study of God’s Word at our meetings and the kind and loving support that we give one another help us to keep our eyes focused on the prize .
Nevertheless , at times , misunderstandings may lead to some tension among members of the congregation .
If we fail to resolve such problems , they could easily lead to feelings of resentment . ​ — Read 1 Peter 3 : 8 , 9 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) Having what qualities will help us to win the prize ?
( b ) What can help us to preserve peace if a fellow Christian upsets us ?
How can we prevent resentment from depriving us of the prize ?
Paul urged the Colossians : “ As God’s chosen ones , holy and loved , clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion , kindness , humility , mildness , and patience .
Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another . Just as Jehovah freely forgave you , you must also do the same .
But besides all these things , clothe yourselves with love , for it is a perfect bond of union . ” ​ — Col .
3 : 12 - 14 .
Love and kindness can help us to be forgiving toward one another .
For example , if we feel hurt by the words or actions of a fellow Christian , we can try to recall occasions when we spoke or acted unkindly .
Do we not appreciate the love and kindness of the brothers and sisters who overlooked our errors ?
( Read Ecclesiastes 7 : 21 , 22 . )
Especially are we thankful for Christ’s kindness in gathering true worshippers into unity .
We all love the same God , preach the same message , and face many of the same challenges .
By kindly and lovingly forgiving one another , we contribute to Christian unity and keep our eyes on the prize of life .
10 , 11 . ( a ) Why is jealousy dangerous ?
( b ) How can we prevent jealousy from depriving us of our reward ?
Warning examples in the Bible remind us that jealousy can deprive us of the prize .
For instance , Cain became jealous of his brother Abel and killed him .
Korah , Dathan , and Abiram became jealous of Moses and opposed him .
Also , King Saul became jealous of David’s success and tried to kill him .
No wonder God’s Word states : “ Wherever there are jealousy and contentiousness , there will also be disorder and every vile thing . ” ​ — Jas . 3 : 16 .
If we cultivate love and kindness in our heart , we will not easily become jealous .
God’s Word says : “ Love is patient and kind .
Love is not jealous . ”
To prevent jealousy from taking root in our heart , we must strive to see things from God’s standpoint , viewing our brothers and sisters as members of the same Christian body .
This will help us to show fellow feeling , in harmony with the inspired counsel : “ If a member is glorified , all the other members rejoice with it . ”
Thus , rather than feel jealous , we will be happy when others receive blessings .
Consider the example of King Saul’s son Jonathan .
He was not jealous when David was appointed heir to the throne .
Rather , he encouraged David .
Could we be as kind and loving as Jonathan ?
Heeding what Scriptural counsel will help us to attain the prize as a family ?
Applying Bible principles can bring peace and happiness to a family and help them to win the prize .
What Scriptural counsel for families did Paul give to Christians in Colossae ?
He stated : “ You wives , be in subjection to your husbands , as it is becoming in the Lord .
You husbands , keep on loving your wives and do not be bitterly angry with them .
You children , be obedient to your parents in everything , for this is well - pleasing to the Lord .
You fathers , do not be exasperating your children , so that they do not become downhearted . ”
No doubt you will agree that applying Paul’s inspired counsel will still benefit husbands , wives , and children .
How could a Christian sister win over her unbelieving husband ?
What if you are a wife and you feel that your unbelieving husband does not treat you properly ?
Would you improve the situation by arguing about his behavior ?
Even if you succeed in making him do what you want , will you win him over to the truth ?
Not likely .
But if you show respect for your husband’s headship , you can contribute to peace in the family , you will praise Jehovah , and you may even win your husband over to true worship ; thus you both may gain the prize . ​ — Read 1 Peter 3 : 1 , 2 .
What should a Christian husband do if his unbelieving wife does not respect him ?
What if you are a husband and you feel that your unbelieving wife does not respect you ?
Would you move her to show you more respect if you were to shout at her to show her who is boss ?

Absolutely not !
God expects you to exercise headship lovingly , in imitation of Jesus .
Jesus exercises his headship over his congregation with loving patience .
By imitating Jesus ’ example , a husband may win his wife over to true worship .
How does a Christian man express his love for his wife ?
Husbands are told : “ Keep on loving your wives and do not be bitterly angry with them . ”
A loving husband honors his wife by listening to her opinions and by assuring her that he values what she says .
Although he cannot always do as she asks , he often arrives at a more balanced decision by consulting her .
A loving husband tries to gain his wife’s respect by earning it rather than demanding it .
A husband who loves his wife and children is more likely to have a family that happily serves Jehovah and wins the prize of life .
How can we prevent family difficulties from depriving us of the prize ?
( See paragraphs 13 - 15 )
16 , 17 .
As a youth , how can you avoid becoming overly frustrated with your parents ?
What if you are a teenager and feel misunderstood and restricted by your Christian parents ?
Your frustration might even make you doubt that serving Jehovah is the best way of life .
But if you allow frustration to make you give up serving Jehovah , you would soon discover that no one else cares for you more genuinely than your God - fearing parents and your congregation .
If your parents never corrected you , would you not wonder if they really cared about you ?
But perhaps it is the way your parents discipline you that upsets you .
Rather than fret over the manner of discipline , try to recognize that there may be a reason for the way they act .
So keep calm and do your best to avoid overreacting to criticism .
God’s Word says : “ A man of knowledge restrains his words , and a discerning man will remain calm . ”
Make it your goal to become a mature person who can take counsel calmly , benefiting from it without worrying excessively about how it was given .
To have believing parents who truly love Jehovah is a blessing .
They will surely want to help you to win the prize of life .
Why are you resolved to keep your eyes on the prize ?
The prize before us ​ — whether immortal life in heaven or everlasting life on a paradise earth — ​ is marvelous to contemplate .
It is a sure hope , one based on the promise of the Creator himself .
Regarding the Paradise earth , God says : “ The earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah . ”
Everyone then living on earth will be taught by God .
That is surely a prize worth striving for .
So keep your mind on what Jehovah has promised , and let nothing deprive you of the prize !
“ I WAS nervous about moving here , ” says Allen . * “ I didn’t know if I would make friends or be accepted . ”
Allen is adapting to a new congregation nearly 900 miles ( over 1,400 km ) away from home .
If you have moved to a different congregation , you too may be apprehensive .
What can help you to adjust ?
What can you do if the adjustment is harder than you expected ?
On the other hand , if you are not moving , how might you make the change easier for newcomers ?
Think of this example : When trees are relocated , they experience stress .
As a tree is removed from the ground , most of its roots are usually cut off to make it easier to transport .
Once transplanted , the tree must immediately start growing new roots .
Similarly , moving to another congregation may have caused you to experience stress .
In your previous congregation , you had grown “ roots ” as you developed cherished friendships and settled into a familiar spiritual routine .
Now you must grow new roots in order to flourish in a new environment .
What will help you to do so ?
Applying Scriptural principles .
Let us consider some .
The person who regularly reads God’s Word is “ like a tree planted by streams of water , a tree that produces fruit in its season , the foliage of which does not wither .
And everything he does will succeed . ” ​ — Ps . 1 : 1 - 3 .
Just as a tree must regularly draw from a water source to remain healthy , a Christian must regularly feed on God’s Word to remain spiritually strong .
Therefore , continue to read the Bible daily and to attend congregation meetings regularly .
Maintain your good habits of family worship and personal study .
Whatever you needed spiritually in your previous location , you will need in your new one too . “ Whoever refreshes others will himself be refreshed . ” ​ — Prov .
11 : 25 .
You will be invigorated and will adapt quicker when you share fully in the ministry .
“ What aided my wife and me the most was to auxiliary pioneer soon after we arrived in our new congregation , ” says Kevin , a Christian elder .
“ We quickly got to know the brothers , the pioneers , and the territory . ”
Roger , who moved to an area over 1,000 miles ( over 1,600 km ) away from where he lived , says : “ The best way to adapt to a new congregation is to go in field service as often as possible .
Also , let the elders know that you are available to assist in any way , perhaps by cleaning the Kingdom Hall , substituting for a meeting part , or offering to give someone a ride to the meetings .
When the brothers and sisters see someone new with a self - sacrificing spirit , they take you in . ”
“ Open your hearts wide . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
6 : 13 .
Widen out in your brotherly affection .
After Melissa and her family moved to a new congregation , they concentrated on making new friends .
“ We mingled at the Kingdom Hall before and after meetings , ” she says .
“ That allowed time to converse beyond just saying a simple greeting . ”
This also helped the family to learn new names more quickly .
In addition , they widened out by extending hospitality , which strengthened the new bonds of friendship .
“ We exchanged phone numbers , ” she adds , “ so we could be reached and included in spiritual and other activities . ”
If you are overwhelmed by the thought of meeting new people , you can start in small ways .
For example , smile ​ — even if you do not feel like it at first .
A smile will draw others to you .
After all , “ a cheerful glance makes the heart rejoice . ”
“ I am reserved by nature , ” says Rachel , who moved far away from where she grew up .
“ Sometimes I have to force myself to talk to the brothers and sisters in my new congregation .
I look for someone who is sitting down in the Kingdom Hall , not talking to anyone .
That person may be just as shy as I am . ” Why not set the goal to converse with someone new before or after every meeting ?
On the other hand , you may be excited to meet new people for the first few weeks . But then the “ newness ” can wear off as time goes by .
At that point , you may need to exert yourself to continue to make new friends .
Trees that are relocated experience stress , but when they are transplanted , they grow new roots
Some trees take longer than others to become firmly rooted in a new environment .
Likewise , not everyone adapts to a new congregation at the same pace .
If you moved some time ago but you are still struggling to adjust , applying these Bible principles can help :
“ Let us not give up in doing what is fine , for in due time we will reap if we do not tire out . ” ​ — Gal .
6 : 9 .
Allow more time to adjust than you originally expected .
For example , many Gilead - trained missionaries stay in their foreign assignment for several years before going back to their country of origin for a visit .
Doing so helps them to bond with the local brothers and to adjust to a different culture .
Alejandro , who has moved several times , knows that the adjustment process cannot be rushed .
He relates : “ After our last move , my wife said , ‘ All my friends are in our previous congregation ! ’ ”
He reminded her that she had said exactly the same thing two years earlier ​ — the last time they moved .
But during those two years , she showed interest in others and strangers became close friends .
“ Do not say , ‘ Why were the former days better than these ? ’
for it is not out of wisdom that you ask this . ” ​ — Eccl .
7 : 10 .
Avoid comparing your new congregation with your previous one .
For example , the brothers in your new congregation may be more reserved or more outspoken than you are used to .
Focus on their positive traits , just as you want them to focus on yours .
Some newcomers realized to their surprise that their move forced them to ask themselves , ‘ Do I truly love “ the whole association of brothers ” ? ’ ​ — 1 Pet . 2 : 17 .
“ Keep on asking , and it will be given you . ” ​ — Luke 11 : 9 .
Continue to pray for help .
“ Don’t just tough it out , ” says David , an elder .
“ Many things we can do only with Jehovah’s help .
Pray about it ! ”
Rachel , quoted earlier , agrees .
“ If my husband and I feel a little disconnected from the congregation , ” she says , “ we pray specifically to Jehovah , ‘ Please let us know if we are doing something that makes it hard for others to be drawn to us . ’
Then we try to spend more time with the brothers and sisters . ”
Parents , if your children are struggling to fit in , take time to pray with them about this matter .
Help them to make new friends by arranging opportunities for upbuilding association .
What can you do to help newcomers who have moved into your congregation ?
Strive to be a true friend from the start .
To do so , try to imagine what things you would appreciate if you were a new arrival , and then do those things .
Could new ones join you for family worship or for the monthly JW Broadcasting program ?
Could you invite them to accompany you in the ministry ?
If you share a simple meal together , they will long remember your hospitality .
What further practical help can you give to newcomers ?
“ When we arrived in our new congregation , ” says Carlos , “ a sister gave us a list of stores that have reasonable prices .
That helped a lot . ”
Those arriving from a location with a different climate may be grateful to learn how to dress in your hot , cold , or rainy weather .
You could also help them to be more effective in their ministry by relating to them the history of the community or by explaining the local religious beliefs .
Allen , mentioned in the introduction , has been in his new congregation for over a year .
He reflects : “ I had to push myself at first to get to know the brothers and sisters .
But now they feel more like family , and I am happy . ”
Allen realizes that by moving , he did not lose any friends . Instead , he gained new ones , who will likely remain his friends for life .
Some names have been changed .
The elders want you to enjoy your new congregation , and they are ready to assist .
The Congregation Service Committee should promptly assign you to a field service group .
The secretary will no doubt ask you for contact information from your previous congregation so that he can obtain your Congregation’s Publisher Record card ( s ) .
Your new field service group overseer should endeavor to share with you in the ministry soon after your arrival .
It would be good if he also made a friendly shepherding call on your family .
The elders should request your emergency contact information so that they can reach you if a disaster strikes .
It would be good if the elders also verified that your medical directive card is updated .
3 “ I Know He Will Rise ”
8 “ I Have Hope Toward God ”
What past events gave Christians a basis for confidence that there will be a resurrection ?
How should those events and the convictions held by other faithful ones of the past affect your hope ?
These articles should strengthen your belief in the resurrection .
13 Do You Remember ?
14 Questions From Readers
16 Questions From Readers
18 Parents ​ — Help Your Children Become “ Wise for Salvation ”
23 Young Ones ​ — “ Keep Working Out Your Own Salvation ”
Among the thousands who get baptized each year are young ones ​ — teenagers and preteens .
Baptism opens the door to many blessings ; it also involves responsibility .
Parents , how can you help your children reach out for the goal of baptism ?
Baptized young ones and those who are contemplating baptism , how can you strengthen your relationship with Jehovah ?
28 Life Story ​ — Leaving Things Behind to Follow the Master
32 Subject Index for The Watchtower 2017
“ Our friend has fallen asleep , but I am traveling there to awaken him . ” ​ — JOHN 11 : 11 .
SONGS : 142 , 129
What Bible accounts gave Martha confidence in the resurrection ?
How can we be sure that there is a basis for a future resurrection ?
Like Martha , what joyful event are you looking forward to ?
What was Martha confident about regarding her brother ?
( See opening picture . )
JESUS ’ close friend and disciple Martha was grieving .
Her brother , Lazarus , had died .
Could anything ease her sorrow ?
Yes .
Jesus assured her : “ Your brother will rise . ”
That may not have erased all her sadness ; yet , Martha accepted Jesus ’ assurance .
She said : “ I know he will rise in the resurrection on the last day . ”
She was sure that would occur in the future . Jesus then performed a miracle .
He brought Lazarus back to life that very day .
Why would you like to have the conviction that Martha had ?
We have no basis to expect that Jesus or his Father will now perform such a miracle for us .
Are you , though , just as sure as Martha was of a future resurrection for a loved one ?
Maybe it is your deceased mate , your mother , your father , or a beloved grandparent . Or you may be grieving over the loss of a child .
You long to hug , to speak with , and to laugh with that dear one .
Happily , like Martha , you have good reason to say , ‘ I know that my loved one will rise in the resurrection . ’
Still , it will do each Christian good to reflect on why that is a valid conviction .
3 , 4 .
How might Martha’s conviction have been strengthened by what Jesus had recently done ?
It is unlikely that Martha , living near Jerusalem , observed Jesus resurrect the son of a widow near Nain in Galilee .
Yet , she had probably heard about it .
And it is similar with Jesus ’ bringing Jairus ’ daughter back to life .
Those at the girl’s house “ knew she had died . ”
Still , Jesus took her lifeless hand and said : “ Child , get up ! ”
And she did , immediately .
Both Martha and her sister , Mary , were aware that Jesus could cure the sick .
For that reason , they felt that had Jesus been present , Lazarus would not have died .
Now that Jesus ’ dear friend was dead , though , what did the future hold ?
Note that Martha spoke of Lazarus ’ coming back to life in the future , “ on the last day . ”
Why could she be certain of that ?
And why can you be sure that there will be a future resurrection that may include your loved ones ?
There are good reasons for your conviction .

As we review some of them , you might find things in God’s Word that you do not often link with your valid hope of seeing your loved one again .
What contributed to Martha’s confidence that Lazarus would be resurrected ?
Note that Martha did not say : ‘ I hope that my brother will rise . ’ She said : “ I know he will rise . ”
Martha was convinced because of miracles that she likely learned about even before Jesus ’ ministry began .
She had learned of these as a youth at home and at the synagogue .
Three accounts recorded in the inspired Scriptures may come to mind .
Elijah performed what outstanding miracle , and how does that relate to Martha ?
The first resurrection occurred at a time when God was empowering his prophet Elijah to work miracles .
Up in Zarephath , a Phoenician coastal town , a poor widow showed hospitality to the prophet .
God then miraculously maintained her supply of flour and oil , so that she and her son stayed alive .
Later , her son got sick and died .
Elijah came to her aid .
While touching the corpse , Elijah prayed : “ God , please , let this child’s life come back into him . ” And it happened !
God heard Elijah , and the child came back to life .
That was the first resurrection of Bible record .
( Read 1 Kings 17 : 17 - 24 . )
Martha had certainly learned of that remarkable event .
7 , 8 . ( a ) Relate what Elisha did to relieve a woman’s grief . ( b ) What does Elisha’s miracle prove about Jehovah ?
The second resurrection related in the Scriptures was performed by Elijah’s successor , the prophet Elisha .
A prominent Israelite woman in Shunem showed Elisha exceptional hospitality .
Through the prophet , God rewarded this childless woman and her elderly husband with a son .
Some years later , the boy died .
Imagine the mother’s crushing grief .
With her husband’s permission , she traveled about 19 miles ( 30 km ) to Elisha at Mount Carmel .
The prophet sent his attendant Gehazi back to Shunem ahead of them .
Gehazi was not able to bring the dead boy back to life .
Then the grieving mother arrived with Elisha . ​ — 2 Ki . 4 : 8 - 31 .

There by the body at the house in Shunem , Elisha prayed .
Miraculously , the dead boy came to life and was reunited with his now elated mother !
( Read 2 Kings 4 : 32 - 37 . )
She might well have recalled what formerly barren Hannah had prayed when she brought Samuel to serve at the tabernacle : “ Jehovah . . . brings down to the Grave , and he raises up . ”
Clearly , God in a very literal way raised up the boy in Shunem , proving His ability to resurrect .
Explain how Elisha was involved in the third resurrection related in the Bible .
But that was not the final startling event involving Elisha .
He had served for over 50 years as a prophet , and then he “ became ill with the sickness from which he eventually died . ”
Later , when Elisha’s body had been reduced to mere bones , an enemy band came into the land .
Some Israelites were on their way to bury a man .
Rushing to escape their enemies , they threw the dead man into the grave or tomb where Elisha’s bones lay .
We read : “ When the man touched the bones of Elisha , he came to life and stood on his feet . ”
Think what those resurrection accounts would have meant to Martha !
God definitely has power over death . And reflect on what they should mean to you .
They certainly should convince you that God’s power is vast , unlimited .
How did Peter help a Christian sister who had died ?
In the Christian Greek Scriptures , we also read that resurrections took place in the presence of God’s representatives .
We can see that from the resurrections Jesus performed when outside of Nain and when in the home of Jairus . The apostle Peter was responsible for another one , that of the Christian woman Dorcas ( Tabitha ) .
Peter came to where her body was awaiting burial .
While near the corpse , Peter prayed . Then , he said : “ Tabitha , rise ! ”
She came to life right away , and Peter “ presented her alive ” to fellow Christians .
That event was so convincing that “ many became believers in the Lord . ”
They could testify both in general about the Lord and specifically about Jehovah’s ability to raise the dead . ​ — Acts 9 : 36 - 42 .
What did the physician Luke report happened to a young man , and how did that affect others ?
Others became eyewitnesses to another resurrection .
One time , the apostle Paul was at a meeting in an upper room in Troas , in what is now northwest Turkey . Paul spoke till midnight .
A young man named Eutychus was listening , seated at a window .
But he dozed off and fell from the third story to the ground below .
Perhaps the physician Luke was the first to reach Eutychus , and Luke made a medical assessment : Eutychus was not merely injured and unconscious ​ — he was dead !
Paul came downstairs and embraced the corpse , and then he made the dramatic announcement : “ He is alive . ”
What a profound impact that would have had on eyewitnesses !
Knowing the facts and grasping that a resurrection had occurred , they “ were comforted beyond measure . ” ​ — Acts 20 : 7 - 12 .
12 , 13 .
In the light of the resurrections discussed , what questions do we need to consider ?
The accounts mentioned above should give you something that Martha had .
That is , assurance that our God and Life - Giver has the ability to bring a dead person back to life .
It is interesting , though , that a faithful servant of God , such as Elijah , Jesus , or Peter , was present on each of those occasions , during the time when Jehovah was performing miracles .
What can we say , however , about those who died at other times in history ?
If in a certain era God was not performing resurrections , could faithful men and women expect that God would raise the dead at a future time ?
Could they feel as did Martha , who said : “ I know [ my brother ] will rise in the resurrection on the last day ” ?
Just why could she believe that , and why can you ?
There are actually a number of passages in God’s inspired Word that show that Jehovah’s loyal servants knew that a future time of resurrection was in store .
Consider a few .
We can learn what about the resurrection from the account about Abraham ?
Think of what God told Abraham to do with Isaac , the long - awaited heir .
Jehovah said : “ Take , please , your son , your only son whom you so love , Isaac , and . . . offer him up . . . as a burnt offering . ”
Imagine the feelings that such a command would stir up .
Jehovah had promised that through Abraham’s offspring all nations would be blessed .
Also , Jehovah said that the blessing would come “ through Isaac . ”
But how could that occur if Abraham put Isaac to death as a sacrifice ?
Paul was inspired to explain that Abraham believed that God was able to raise Isaac from the dead .
( Read Hebrews 11 : 17 - 19 . )
The Bible does not say that Abraham felt that if he obeyed , in a mere few hours , a day , or a week , Isaac would come back to life .
Abraham could not know when his son would be raised to life again . But he trusted that Jehovah would resurrect Isaac .
What hope did the patriarch Job express ?
The patriarch Job similarly looked to a future resurrection .
He realized that if a mere tree is cut down , it might sprout again and be like a new plant .
Not so with a man .
If a man dies , he cannot raise himself up from the grave and live again .
Of course , that did not mean that God could not resurrect a person .
In fact , Job believed that Jehovah would set a time to remember him .
( Read Job 14 : 13 - 15 . )
Job could not know when in the future that time would be .
Still , he trusted that the One who created human life in the first place could and would remember him and resurrect him .
An angel gave the prophet Daniel what encouragement ?
Daniel is another faithful man whom we know about from the Hebrew Scriptures .
He served God loyally for many decades , and Jehovah supported him .
At one point , an angelic messenger urged Daniel , that “ very precious man , ” to “ have peace ” and “ be strong . ” ​ — Dan .
9 : 22 , 23 ; 10 : 11 , 18 , 19 .
17 , 18 .
Daniel was given what promise about his future ?
Daniel was almost 100 years old and nearing the end of his life .
He might have been thinking about what the future held for him .
Would Daniel get to live again ?
Absolutely !
At the end of the book of Daniel , we read God’s assurance to him : “ As for you , go on to the end .
You will rest . ”
Elderly Daniel knew that the dead are at rest , with no “ planning nor knowledge nor wisdom in the Grave . ”
Daniel would soon be going there .
But that would not be the end of him .
He was promised a future .
The message to the prophet Daniel continued : “ You will stand up for your lot at the end of the days . ”
No date or length of time was given .
Daniel was to come to his end in death and then rest .
Yet , saying that he would ‘ stand up for his lot ’ in the future amounted to a clear promise of a resurrection to come ​ — long after he had died .
That would be “ at the end of the days . ”
The Jerusalem Bible renders the promise to Daniel : “ You will rise for your share at the end of time . ”
Like Martha , you can be confident about the resurrection ( See paragraphs 19 , 20 )
19 , 20 . ( a ) How does what we have considered so far relate to Martha’s statement to Jesus ?
( b ) What will we yet consider ?
Martha clearly had reason to be confident that her faithful brother , Lazarus , would “ rise in the resurrection on the last day . ”
The promise given to Daniel , as well as the certainty reflected in Martha’s reply to Jesus , should reassure Christians today .
There will be a resurrection .
We have seen that actual events in the past prove that a resurrection is possible ​ — the dead can be brought back to life .
And men and women who served God anticipated that a resurrection would occur sometime in the future .
Is there any indication , however , that a resurrection could take place long after it was promised ?
If so , that would give us added reason to look forward , as Martha did , to a time of resurrection .
Still , when would that happen ?
Let us address these aspects in the following article .
“ The last Adam became a life - giving spirit . ” ​ — 1 COR .
15 : 45 .
SONGS : 151 , 147
How does Psalm 118 bear out that a resurrection can occur long after being foretold ?
How did Psalm 16 : 10 find fulfillment ?
What does the Bible indicate would happen regarding the resurrection during Christ’s presence ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) What should we include among our core beliefs ?
( b ) Why is the resurrection so important ?
( See opening picture . )
IF YOU were asked , ‘ What are the key teachings of your faith ? ’
what would you say ?
Surely you would stress that Jehovah is the Creator and Life - Giver .
You would likely mention your belief in Jesus Christ , who died as a ransom .
And you would happily add that an earthly paradise is ahead , where God’s people will live forever .
But would you mention the resurrection as one of your most cherished beliefs ?
We have good reasons to include the resurrection as a key teaching even if we personally hope to survive the great tribulation and live on earth forever .
The apostle Paul showed why the resurrection is central to our faith : “ If , indeed , there is no resurrection of the dead , then Christ has not been raised up . ”
Had Christ not been resurrected , he would not be our ruling King , and our teaching about Christ’s rule would be in vain .
( Read 1 Corinthians 15 : 12 - 19 . )
However , we know that Jesus was resurrected .
In holding that conviction , we differ from the Jewish Sadducees , who strongly denied that the dead are raised .
Even in the face of mockery , we hold firm to our belief in the resurrection . ​ — Mark 12 : 18 ; Acts 4 : 2 , 3 ; 17 : 32 ; 23 : 6 - 8 .
When Paul wrote of “ the primary doctrine about the Christ , ” he included “ the teaching on . . . the resurrection of the dead . ”
And Paul stressed the resurrection as something he had faith in .
But the fact that the resurrection is included as a primary doctrine , one of the “ elementary things of the sacred pronouncements of God , ” does not mean that it is a simplistic teaching .
Why not ?
What questions might arise regarding the resurrection ?
As people begin to study the Bible , most read accounts of past resurrections , such as the raising of Lazarus .
And they learn that Abraham , Job , and Daniel were confident that in the future the dead would live again .
Still , how would you respond if asked for evidence that resurrection promises are valid many years or even centuries after they were made ?
And does the Bible really indicate when the resurrection will take place ?
Those aspects have a bearing on our faith , so let us see what we find in the Scriptures .
What aspect of the resurrection will we first address ?
It is one thing to imagine bringing to life a person who recently died .
Yet , what of a promise that a resurrection will occur years , even centuries , in the future ?
Could you rely on such a long - term promise , whether the promise was about someone who just died or one who had been dead for a long time ?
Actually , a resurrection that was promised centuries in advance did take place , and you put faith in it .
How so ?
And how does that relate to what you can expect regarding a future resurrection ?
How was Jesus involved in the fulfillment of Psalm 118 ?
With regard to a resurrection being foretold long in advance , consider Psalm 118 , which some feel that David composed .
It includes the plea : “ Jehovah , save us , please , we beg ! . . .
Blessed is the one who comes in the name of Jehovah . ”
You likely recall that people quoted this Messianic passage when Jesus rode into Jerusalem on Nisan 9 , shortly before his death .
But how did Psalm 118 point to a resurrection that would occur many years in the future ?
Note what else that prophetic psalm said : “ The stone that the builders rejected has become the chief cornerstone . ” ​ — Ps .
118 : 22 .
“ The builders rejected ” the Messiah ( See paragraph 7 )
To what extent did the Jews reject Jesus ?
“ The builders , ” the Jewish leaders , rejected the Messiah .
Their rejection was far more than just turning their backs on Jesus or refusing to accept him as the Christ .
Many Jews rejected him to the point of clamoring for his death .
Yes , they contributed to Jesus ’ being killed .
Jesus was resurrected to be “ the chief cornerstone ” ( See paragraphs 8 , 9 )
How could Jesus become “ the chief cornerstone ” ?
If Jesus was rejected and killed , how could he become “ the chief cornerstone ” ?
That could come about only by his being resurrected to life again .
Jesus himself made such a connection .
He gave a parable in which cultivators mistreated those whom the owner sent to them , just as the Israelites mistreated the prophets whom God sent to them .
Finally , in the illustration , the owner sent his beloved son and heir .
Was the son accepted ?
Far from it .
The cultivators went to the extreme of putting him to death .
Jesus followed that illustration with a reference to the prophetic statement at Psalm 118 : 22 , which he quoted .
The apostle Peter made a similar connection when speaking to Jewish “ rulers , elders , and scribes gathered together in Jerusalem . ”
He spoke of “ Jesus Christ the Nazarene , whom you executed on a stake but whom God raised up from the dead . ”
Thereupon , Peter clearly stated : “ This is ‘ the stone that was treated by you builders as of no account that has become the chief cornerstone . ’ ” ​ — Acts 3 : 15 ; 4 : 5 - 11 ; 1 Pet . 2 : 5 - 7 .
Psalm 118 : 22 pointed to what outstanding event ?
Yes , hundreds of years in advance , the prophetic statement at Psalm 118 : 22 indicated that a resurrection would occur .
The Messiah would be rejected and die , but he would be raised to life again to be the chief cornerstone .
This resurrected Son thus became the only one whose name was “ given among men by which we must get saved . ” ​ — Acts 4 : 12 ; Eph .
1 : 20 .
( a ) What did Psalm 16 : 10 foretell ?
( b ) Why can we be sure that Psalm 16 : 10 was not fulfilled in David ?

Consider another verse that pointed forward to a resurrection .
It was written over a thousand years in advance , a fact that should reinforce your confidence that a resurrection can occur long after it was foretold or promised .
In Psalm 16 , which is attributed to David , we read : “ You will not leave me in the Grave . You will not allow your loyal one to see the pit . ”
David was not saying that he would never die or be in the common grave of mankind .
God’s Word is plain that David did grow old .
After he died , he “ was laid to rest with his forefathers and was buried in the City of David . ”
What , then , is Psalm 16 : 10 saying ?
When did Peter comment on Psalm 16 : 10 ?

We are not left in the dark .
Over a millennium after that psalm was written and weeks after Jesus died and was raised , Peter spoke to thousands of Jews and proselytes about Psalm 16 : 10 .
( Read Acts 2 : 29 - 32 . )
He mentioned that David had indeed died and been buried .
Those listening to Peter knew that .
And the record does not say that any of them disputed Peter’s statement that David “ foresaw and spoke about the resurrection ” of the coming Messiah .
In what way was Psalm 16 : 10 fulfilled , confirming what about the promise of the resurrection ?
Peter reinforced his point by quoting David’s statement at Psalm 110 : 1 .
( Read Acts 2 : 33 - 36 . )
Peter’s reasoning in line with the Scriptures helped to convince the large crowd that Jesus was “ both Lord and Christ . ”
More to the point , the people acknowledged that Psalm 16 : 10 was fulfilled when Jesus was resurrected from the dead .
Later , the apostle Paul drew on the same solid reasoning when speaking to Jews in the city of Antioch in Pisidia .
His argument impressed them , and they wanted to hear more .
( Read Acts 13 : 32 - 37 , 42 . )
It should also impress us that those Bible prophecies about a coming resurrection were trustworthy , even though centuries had passed since that miracle was foretold .
What question about the resurrection might arise ?
We should be encouraged that a resurrection can occur many centuries after being promised .
Still , someone might wonder : ‘ Does that mean that I may have to wait a long time to see my loved one ?
When will the resurrection that I am hoping for occur ? ’
Well , Jesus did tell his apostles that there were things they did not and could not know .
There are details about “ the times or seasons that the Father has placed in his own jurisdiction . ”
However , this does not mean that we have no information about the timing of the resurrection .
How did the resurrection of Jesus differ from earlier ones ?
As a basis for understanding that , recall what resurrections the Bible foretells .
The most important one , of course , is that of Jesus .
Had he not been raised , none of us would have any prospect of seeing our dead loved ones again .
Those who were raised before Jesus , such as by Elijah and Elisha , did not live on endlessly .
They died again and saw corruption in the grave .
In contrast , Jesus “ has been raised up from the dead , [ and ] dies no more ; death is no longer master over him . ”
In heaven , he lives “ forever and ever , ” never seeing corruption . ​ — Rom . 6 : 9 ; Rev .
1 : 5 , 18 ; Col .
1 : 18 ; 1 Pet . 3 : 18 .
Why is it significant that Jesus is “ the firstfruits ” ?
The resurrection of Jesus was the first of that sort , and it undoubtedly is first in importance .
He is not , though , the only one promised to be resurrected to heaven as a spirit creature .
Jesus assured his faithful apostles that they would rule with him in heaven .
For them to be thus rewarded , they would first have to die . Afterward , like Christ , they could be resurrected with a spirit body .
Paul wrote that “ Christ has been raised from the dead , the firstfruits of those who have fallen asleep in death . ”
Paul went on to indicate that there would be others raised to heavenly life , adding : “ Each one in his own proper order : Christ the firstfruits , afterward those who belong to the Christ during his presence . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 20 , 23 .
What indication do we have about the timing of the heavenly resurrection ?
That gives us a general indication of the timing of the heavenly resurrection .
It would occur “ during his presence . ”
Jehovah’s Witnesses have long established Scripturally that since 1914 we have been living during Jesus ’ promised “ presence . ” It is still continuing , and the end of this wicked system of things is now very near .
17 , 18 .
What will happen to some anointed ones during Christ’s presence ?
The Bible adds details about the heavenly resurrection : “ We do not want you to be ignorant about those who are sleeping in death . . .
For if we have faith that Jesus died and rose again , so too God will bring with him those who have fallen asleep in death . . .
We the living who survive to the presence of the Lord will in no way precede those who have fallen asleep in death ; because the Lord himself will descend from heaven with a commanding call , . . . and those who are dead in union with Christ will rise first .
Afterward we the living who are surviving will , together with them , be caught away in clouds to meet the Lord in the air ; and thus we will always be with the Lord . ” ​ — 1 Thess .
4 : 13 - 17 .
The first resurrection would take place sometime after “ the presence ” of Christ began .
Anointed ones who are alive during the great tribulation will be “ caught away in clouds . ”
Those “ caught away ” will not “ fall asleep in death ” in the sense of having a long sleep in death .
They “ will all be changed , in a moment , in the blink of an eye , during the last trumpet . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 51 , 52 .
What “ better resurrection ” is yet ahead ?
Today , most faithful Christians are not anointed and called to serve in heaven with Christ .
Rather , they await the end of this wicked system of things during “ Jehovah’s day . ”
No one can know the exact timing of that end , but evidence shows that it is close .
Thereafter , a different type of resurrection will take place , a resurrection to life in an earthly paradise .
Those raised will have the prospect of growing to human perfection and never having to die again .
That certainly will be “ a better resurrection ” than that of those in the past when “ women received their dead by resurrection ” only for them to die again sometime later . ​ — Heb .
11 : 35 .
Why can we trust that the coming resurrection will be orderly ?
Speaking of the heavenly resurrection , the Bible says that those who will experience that will be raised “ each one in his own proper order . ”
We can trust that the earthly resurrection will likewise proceed in an orderly manner .
That is an intriguing prospect .
Will those who died recently be raised near the start of Christ’s Thousand Year Reign and be welcomed by loved ones who know them ?
Will faithful men of old with leadership abilities come back early to help organize God’s people in the new world ?
What about people who never served Jehovah ?
When and where will they be raised ?
Many questions could be asked .
But , frankly , is there any real need to ponder those issues now ? Is it not better just to wait and see ?
We can trust that it will be thrilling to observe personally how Jehovah handles those matters .
What is your hope about the resurrection ?
In the meantime , we should bolster our faith in Jehovah , who through Jesus assured us that the dead in God’s memory will rise .
Proving that Jehovah is capable of resurrecting the dead , Jesus once said that Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob “ are all living to him . ”
Meanwhile , we have ample reason to say , as did Paul : “ I have hope toward God . . . that there is going to be a resurrection . ” ​ — Acts 24 : 15 .
LIFE STORY
As told by Felix Fajardo
“ If you go preaching , don’t come back .
If you come back , I will break your legs . ”
With my father’s threat ringing in my ears , I decided to leave .
That was my first experience in leaving things behind to follow the Master .
I was just 16 years old .
HOW did that situation come about ?
Let me explain .
I was born on July 29 , 1929 , and grew up in a village in the province of Bulacan in the Philippines .
Life there was simple because it was a time of economic depression .
War broke out when I was a youth .
The Japanese army invaded the Philippines .
However , our village was relatively remote , so we were not directly affected by the armed conflict .
We lacked radio , television , and newspapers ; thus , we received news about the war only by word of mouth .
I was the second of eight children , and my grandparents had taken me to live with them when I was eight years old .

Although we were Catholic , Grandfather was open - minded about religion and collected religious literature that his friends gave him .
I remember that he showed me the booklets Protection , Safety , and Uncovered in the Tagalog language , * as well as a Bible .
I enjoyed reading the Bible , especially the four Gospels .
Doing so made me want to follow Jesus ’ example . ​ — John 10 : 27 .
The Japanese occupation ended in 1945 .
About that time , my parents asked me to come back home .
My grandfather urged me to go .
So I went .
Shortly afterward , in December 1945 , a group of Jehovah’s Witnesses from the town of Angat came to preach in our village .
One older Witness came to our house and explained what the Bible says about “ the last days . ”
He invited us to attend a Bible study in a nearby village .
My parents did not go , but I did .
About 20 people were there , and some asked Bible questions .
Because I did not really understand all that they were talking about , I decided to leave .
At that point , however , they started singing a Kingdom song .
The song really impressed me , so I stayed .
After the song and prayer , all were invited to attend a meeting in Angat the following Sunday .
Several of us walked about five miles ( 8 km ) to get to the meeting in the home of the Cruz family .
I was impressed that even the young children who were among the 50 present commented on deep Bible subjects .
After several more meetings , Brother Damian Santos , an elderly pioneer who was an ex - mayor , invited me to stay overnight .
We spent most of that night discussing the Bible .
In those days , many of us responded quickly upon learning basic Bible truths .
After just a few meetings , the brothers asked me and others , “ Do you want to get baptized ? ”
I replied , “ Yes , I do . ”
I knew that I wanted to “ slave for the Master , Christ . ”
We went to a nearby river , and two of us got baptized on February 15 , 1946 .
We realized that as baptized Christians , we needed to preach regularly in imitation of Jesus .
My doing so did not please my father , who said , “ You are too young to preach .
Besides , being dipped in the river does not make you a preacher . ”
I explained that it is God’s will that we preach the good news of God’s Kingdom .
I added , “ I need to fulfill my vow to God . ”
That is when my father made the threat that I related at the outset .
Yes , he was intent on preventing me from preaching .
And that is what led to my first experience in leaving things behind to pursue spiritual goals .
The Cruz family invited me to live with them in Angat .
They also encouraged me and their youngest daughter , Nora , to enroll as pioneers .
Both of us began our pioneer service on November 1 , 1947 .
Nora served in another town , while I continued to support the preaching activity in Angat .
In my third year of pioneering , Earl Stewart , a brother from the branch office , delivered a talk to over 500 people in the public plaza of Angat .
He spoke in English , and afterward I gave a summary of his talk in Tagalog . I had only seven years of education , but our teachers regularly used English .
Another thing that helped me to improve my English was the fact that we had very few Bible publications in Tagalog .
So I studied many of them in English .
Thus , I had picked up enough English to interpret that talk and others on later occasions .
On the day that I interpreted for Brother Stewart , he mentioned to the local congregation that the branch office wanted to invite one or two pioneer brothers to come to Bethel .
They were to help out while the missionaries were attending the 1950 Theocracy’s Increase Assembly in New York , U.S.A .
I was one of the brothers invited .
Again I left familiar surroundings behind , this time to help with Bethel work .
I arrived at Bethel on June 19 , 1950 , and started my new assignment .
Bethel was in a large , old house surrounded by big trees on a two - and - a - half acre ( 1 ha ) lot .
About a dozen single brothers were serving there .

In the early morning , I helped in the kitchen .
Then , from about nine o’clock , I worked in the laundry , ironing clothes .
I followed a similar routine in the afternoon .
Even after the missionaries returned from the international assembly , I continued to serve at Bethel .
I wrapped magazines for mailing , processed subscriptions , and served as a receptionist ; I did whatever I was asked to do .

In 1952 , along with six others from the Philippines , I was thrilled to receive an invitation to the 20th class of Gilead School .
Many of the things we saw and experienced in the United States were new and strange to us .
Truly , it was quite different from what I had known back in our small village .
With fellow students at Gilead
For example , we had to learn to use appliances and utensils that were unfamiliar to us .
And , yes , the weather was different for sure !
One morning I stepped outside to a beautiful world of white .
It was the first time I saw snow .
Then I discovered that it was cold ​ — very cold ! However , those adjustments faded into nothing as I enjoyed the wonderful training at Gilead .
The instructors used effective teaching methods .
We learned to do meaningful research and study .
The training at Gilead definitely helped me to improve my spirituality .
After I graduated , I was temporarily assigned as a special pioneer in the Bronx in New York City .
Thus in July 1953 , I could attend the New World Society Assembly , which was held in the same borough of the city .
After the assembly , I returned to an assignment in the Philippines .
The brothers at the branch office said , “ Now you will go out in the circuit work . ”
That would give me a new opportunity to follow in a literal sense the steps of the Master , who traveled to distant towns and cities to help Jehovah’s sheep .
I was assigned to a circuit that covered a huge area of central Luzon , the largest island in the Philippines .
That included the provinces of Bulacan , Nueva Ecija , Tarlac , and Zambales .
To visit some towns , I had to cross the rugged Sierra Madre Mountains .
No public transportation reached those places .
As a result , I had to ask truck drivers if I could sit on top of the logs they were hauling in their big trucks .
Often they let me , but it was not the most comfortable means of transport .
Most of the congregations were relatively small and new .
So the brothers appreciated it when I helped them organize meetings and field service more efficiently .
I was later transferred to a circuit that covered the entire Bicol region .
It was made up mostly of isolated groups where special pioneers were opening up untouched territories .
At one home , the only toilet available was a hole in the ground with two logs across the middle .
When I stepped on the logs , they fell into the hole , and I fell with them .
It took me quite some time to clean myself up and get ready for breakfast !
It was during that assignment that I began to think about Nora , who had started pioneering back in Bulacan .
By this time , she was a special pioneer in Dumaguete City , and I went to visit her .

After that , we corresponded for a while , and in 1956 , we got married .
We spent the first week after our wedding visiting a congregation on Rapu Rapu Island .
There we had to climb mountains and do a lot of walking , but what a joy it was to serve the brothers in remote locations as a married couple !
After almost four years in the traveling work together , we received an invitation to serve at the branch office .
Thus , January 1960 marked the start of a long career at Bethel .
Over the course of time , I have learned much from serving alongside brothers who care for heavy responsibilities , and Nora has had a variety of assignments at Bethel .
Delivering a talk at a convention with a Cebuano interpreter
From my vantage point at Bethel , I have been blessed to witness outstanding spiritual growth in the Philippines .
When I first came to Bethel as a young , single brother , there were about 10,000 publishers in the whole country .
Now there are well over 200,000 publishers in the Philippines , with hundreds of Bethelites serving to support the vital preaching activities .
As the work grew over the years , the Bethel facilities became too small .
Then the Governing Body asked us to look for property on which to build a new , larger facility .
The printery overseer and I went from house to house in the neighborhood of the branch , asking whether anyone wanted to sell his property .
No one did ; one owner even told us : “ Chinese do not sell .
We buy . ”
Interpreting a talk for Brother Albert Schroeder
However , one day a property owner unexpectedly asked whether we would like to buy his land ; he was moving to the United States .
That set off a chain of events that was hard to believe .
Another neighbor decided to sell , and he encouraged the others around him to do the same .
We were even able to buy the property from the man who had said that “ Chinese do not sell . ”
In a short time , the size of the branch property had more than tripled .
I am convinced that Jehovah God wanted that to happen .
Back in 1950 , I was the youngest member of the Bethel family .
Now my wife and I are the oldest members .
I have no regrets about following the Master wherever he has directed me .
True , my parents drove me out of their home , but Jehovah has given me a big family of fellow believers .
I do not have the slightest doubt that Jehovah provides everything we need , no matter what assignment we receive .
Nora and I are very grateful to Jehovah for all his kind provisions , and we encourage others to test Jehovah out . ​ — Mal .
3 : 10 .
Jesus once invited a tax collector named Matthew Levi , saying : “ Be my follower . ”
How did he respond ?
“ Leaving everything behind , he rose up and began to follow [ Jesus ] . ”
I too have had similar opportunities , and I heartily urge others to do the same and experience many blessings .
Happy to continue sharing in the growth in the Philippines
Published by Jehovah’s Witnesses but now out of print .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Côte d’Ivoire ( formerly Ivory Coast ) is a major producer of cocoa beans , which are used to make chocolate .
The beans are spread to dry under the sun .
A pioneer shares with a worker the important contents of the Good News brochure
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
On this matter , each Christian couple can evaluate the relevant facts and Bible principles .
Then they should make a decision in such a way as to maintain a good conscience before God .
Back when there were just two humans ( and after the Flood , eight ) , Jehovah commanded : “ Be fruitful and become many . ”
The Bible does not say that such a command applies to Christians .

Hence , it is up to each couple to determine whether to use some form of birth control to limit the size of the family or to determine when to have children .
What factors merit their consideration ?
Christians ought to weigh any birth control method in the light of Bible principles .
Thus , Christians reject abortion as a means of birth control .
Voluntary abortion conflicts with what the Bible says about respect for life .
Christians would not choose to terminate a life that in time would normally result in the birth of another human being .
What about the use of an IUD ?
This matter was addressed in The Watchtower of May 15 , 1979 , pages 30 - 31 .
Most IUDs that were then widely available were inert plastic objects inserted in the uterus ( womb ) to prevent pregnancies .
The article noted that it was not fully known how such IUDs functioned .
Many specialists said that inert IUDs caused a reaction in the uterus that interfered with sperm reaching and fertilizing a woman’s eggs .
If fertilization did not occur , a new life did not begin .
Yet , some evidence suggested that an egg occasionally could get fertilized .
The newly fertilized egg might grow in a Fallopian tube ( an ectopic pregnancy ) or might travel into the womb .
In the latter case , the presence of the IUD could interfere with the fertilized egg’s implanting in the lining of the womb and progressing as a normal pregnancy would .
Ending the developing life would be like an abortion .
That article concluded : “ The sincere Christian concerned about the propriety of using an IUD should seriously weigh such information in the light of a Bible - based respect for the sanctity of life . ” ​ — Ps . 36 : 9 .
Have there been significant scientific or medical developments since that article was published in 1979 ?
Two types of IUDs have come to the fore .
One type of IUD that incorporates copper became widely available in the United States by 1988 .
In addition , IUDs that release a hormone came on the market in 2001 .
What is understood about how these two types function ?
Copper : As mentioned , IUDs seem to make it difficult for sperm to survive passing through the uterus to reach an egg .
In addition to that , with copper - releasing IUDs , the copper appears to be toxic to sperm , acting as a spermicide .
* Moreover , copper - containing IUDs are said to alter the lining of the uterus .
Hormone : There are different types of IUDs that contain a hormone similar to what is often found in birth control pills .
These IUDs release the hormone in the uterus .

It appears that such IUDs suppress ovulation in some women .
Of course , if no egg is released , fertilization cannot occur .
Beyond that mechanism , it is held that the hormone in these IUDs thins the lining of the uterus .
* It also thickens the mucus at the cervix , thus creating a barrier to sperm moving from the vagina into the uterus .
These effects are in addition to that produced by inert IUDs .
As noted , both types of IUDs appear to alter the lining of the uterus .
Yet , what if ovulation does occur and an egg is fertilized ?
It might enter the uterus but fail to implant in the less receptive lining .
That would end the pregnancy at an early stage .
However , instances of such “ failed ” implantations are thought to be rare , even as seems to be the case occasionally with oral contraceptive pills .
Hence , no one can say with certainty that IUDs that include copper or a hormone never allow for the fertilization of an egg .
However , scientific evidence suggests that because of a number of mechanisms mentioned above , pregnancy rarely occurs with the use of such IUDs .
A Christian couple considering the use of an IUD might discuss with a qualified medical professional the IUD products available locally as well as possible benefits and risks to the wife .
The couple should not expect or allow a third party , not even a physician , to determine what they will do .
It is a private decision .
They should make their decision as a couple interested in pleasing God and maintaining a clean conscience before him . ​ — Compare 1 Timothy 1 : 18 , 19 ; 2 Timothy 1 : 3 .
A guide from England’s National Health Service reports : “ IUDs with more copper are more than 99 % effective .
This means that fewer than one in 100 women who use an IUD will get pregnant in one year .
IUDs with less copper will be less effective . ”
Because they thin the lining of the uterus , hormone - containing IUDs are sometimes prescribed for married or unmarried women to control very heavy menstruation .
“ From infancy you have known the holy writings , which are able to make you wise for salvation . ” ​ — 2 TIM .
3 : 15 .
SONGS : 141 , 134
know the holy writings ?
be persuaded to believe ?
become wise for salvation ?
1 , 2 .
Why might some parents have concerns when their children want to take the steps of dedication and baptism ?

THOUSANDS of Bible students make their dedication to Jehovah and get baptized .
Many are young people who have been raised in the truth and who have chosen the best way of life .
If you are a Christian parent , you no doubt look forward to the day when your son or daughter will get baptized . ​ — Compare 3 John 4 .
Still , you might have concerns .
Perhaps you have seen some youths get baptized but later question the wisdom of living by God’s standards .
A number have even left the way of the truth .
Hence , you might worry that your child will start out on the Christian course but then change and lose that original love of the truth .
He or she might become like those in the first - century congregation in Ephesus of whom Jesus said : “ You have left the love you had at first . ”
How can you try to avoid such an outcome and help your child to “ grow to salvation ” ?
In answer , let us consider the example of Timothy .
( a ) Under what circumstances did Timothy become a Christian , and how did he respond to Christian teachings ?
( b ) Paul admonished Timothy about what three aspects of learning ?
It was likely in 47 C.E . , during the apostle Paul’s first visit to Lystra , that Timothy was introduced to Christianity .
Though at the time Timothy was likely a teenager , he must have applied himself well .
Two years later he became Paul’s traveling companion .
Some 16 years after that , Paul wrote to Timothy : “ Continue in the things that you learned and were persuaded to believe , knowing from whom you learned them and that from infancy you have known the holy writings [ the Hebrew Scriptures ] , which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus . ”
Note that Paul mentions ( 1 ) knowing the holy writings , ( 2 ) being persuaded to believe the things learned , and ( 3 ) becoming wise for salvation through faith in Christ Jesus .
What tools have you found to be effective when you teach your young children ?
( See opening picture . )
As a Christian parent , you want your child to know the holy writings , which today include the Hebrew Scriptures as well as the Christian Greek Scriptures .
Depending on their ability , even very young children can gain a basic education about the people and events of the Bible .
Jehovah’s organization has provided a number of tools that parents can use to help their children .
Can you think of some that are available in your language ?
Remember , knowledge of the Scriptures is the foundation on which a strong relationship with Jehovah is built .
( a ) What does “ persuaded to believe ” mean ?
( b ) How do we know that Timothy was persuaded to believe the good news about Jesus ?
Knowledge of the holy writings is important .
However , more is involved in imparting spiritual education to children than simply teaching them about the people and events of the Bible .
Timothy was also “ persuaded to believe . ”
In the original language , that phrase means “ to be assured of ” or “ to be convinced and certain of the truth of something . ”
Timothy knew the Hebrew Scriptures from infancy .
But at some point he was convinced by compelling evidence that Jesus was the Messiah .
Put another way , his knowledge was reinforced with conviction .
In fact , Timothy’s conviction about the good news was so strong that he became a baptized disciple and joined Paul in the missionary work .
How can you help your children to be persuaded to believe what they learn from God’s Word ?
How can you help build conviction in your children so that they are persuaded to believe , as Timothy was ?
First , be patient .
Conviction does not come about overnight ; nor does it pass from you to your offspring simply because you have been persuaded to believe .
Each child needs to use his or her own “ power of reason ” to develop conviction about Bible truth .
( Read Romans 12 : 1 . )
You as a parent play an important role in that process , especially when your child asks questions .
Consider an example .
7 , 8 . ( a ) How does one Christian father show patience in teaching his daughter ?
( b ) How have you found the need for similar patience ?
Thomas , the father of an 11 - year - old girl , relates : “ My daughter might ask , ‛ Could Jehovah have used evolution to develop life on earth ? ’
or , ‛ Why don’t we get involved in the community ​ — with elections , for example — ​ to try to improve things ? ’
Sometimes I have to bite my tongue so as not to give a dogmatic answer .
After all , conviction isn’t the result of one large chunk of truth .
It comes from many small pieces of evidence . ” As Thomas knows , teaching takes patience .
Actually , patience is important for all Christians .
Thomas realizes that there may be a need for many discussions over a period of time .
He needs to reason on the Scriptures so that his daughter develops conviction about what she learns .
“ Especially on important points , ” says Thomas , “ my wife and I want to know if our daughter really believes what she is learning and if it makes sense to her .
If she has questions , that’s good .
Frankly , I would worry if she accepted something without asking questions . ”
How can you inculcate God’s Word in your children ?
With patient teaching from their parents , children will be able gradually to begin to grasp “ the breadth and length and height and depth ” of faith .
We can look for what is appropriate to their age and ability .
As they become convinced of what they learn , they will increasingly be able to defend their beliefs before others , including schoolmates .
For example , can your children explain from the Bible what happens at death ?
Does the Bible’s explanation make sense to them ?
* Yes , inculcating God’s Word in your child will require patience , but it is worth the effort . ​ — Deut . 6 : 6 , 7 .
What should be an important part of your teaching ?
Of course , your example is also important when it comes to building conviction .
Stephanie , the mother of three daughters , says : “ Ever since my children were very young , I have had to ask myself , ‘ Do I talk to my children about why I am convinced of Jehovah’s existence , his love , and the rightness of his ways ?
Can my children clearly see that I really love Jehovah ? ’
I can’t expect my children to be persuaded unless I am . ”
11 , 12 .
What is wisdom , and why can we conclude that it is not measured solely by a person’s age ?
As we have seen , Timothy had ( 1 ) knowledge of the Scriptures and ( 2 ) conviction about his beliefs .
But what did Paul mean by saying that the holy writings could make Timothy “ wise for salvation ” ?
Insight on the Scriptures , Volume 2 , explains that , in the Bible , wisdom includes “ the ability to use knowledge and understanding successfully to solve problems , avoid or avert dangers , attain certain goals , or counsel others in doing so .
It is the opposite of foolishness . ”
The Bible says that “ foolishness is bound up in the heart of a child . ”
Logically , then , wisdom ​ — the opposite of foolishness — ​ would be one evidence of maturity .
Spiritual maturity is not determined primarily by age but by a person’s healthy fear of Jehovah and readiness to obey his commands . ​ — Read Psalm 111 : 10 .
How can a young person demonstrate that he or she is wise for salvation ?
Young ones who are reasonably mature spiritually are not “ tossed about as by waves and carried here and there ” by their desires or by pressure from their peers .
Rather , they are making progress in having “ their powers of discernment trained to distinguish both right and wrong . ”
They demonstrate that they are progressing toward maturity by making wise decisions ​ — even when their parents or other adults are not watching .
That kind of wisdom is necessary for salvation .
( Read Proverbs 24 : 14 . )
How can you help your children to acquire it ?
First of all , make sure that you clearly state your Bible - based values to your children .
By your words and by your example , let them know that the values found in God’s Word are also your values . ​ — Rom . 2 : 21 - 23 .
Why is a parent’s continued effort important ?
( See paragraphs 14 - 18 )
14 , 15 . ( a ) A young person contemplating baptism should consider what weighty issues ?
( b ) How can you help your children ponder blessings that come from obeying God’s laws ?
However , more is involved than simply telling your children what is right and what is wrong .
You would also do well to help them reason on such questions as : ‘ Why does the Bible forbid things that can be appealing to the flesh ?
What convinces me that Bible standards are always for my own good ? ’ ​ — Isa .
48 : 17 , 18 .
A child who expresses interest in getting baptized should be helped to reason on yet another matter ​ — how he or she feels about the responsibilities that come with being a Christian .
What are the benefits ?
What are the costs ?
How do the benefits greatly outweigh the costs ?
Those are issues that one is likely to face after baptism .
Therefore , it is crucial to think these matters through before taking that serious step .
When children are helped to consider deeply the blessings of obedience and the consequences of disobedience , they are more likely to develop a personal conviction .
Which one ? That Bible standards are always in their best interests . ​ — Deut .
30 : 19 , 20 .
What should parents consider if a child who is already baptized begins to waver in faith ?
What , though , if your son or daughter begins to express doubts at some point after baptism ?
For example , a baptized adolescent may seem attracted to the things of the world or may begin to question the wisdom of living by Bible principles .
As a parent , realize that how you handle such questioning on the part of your son or daughter may influence whether your child will choose to draw closer to your faith or he will draw away from it .
Be determined not to declare war with your child over this issue , whether he is still quite young or he is now an adolescent .
Your goal should be to provide loving support and help in a winning way .
17 , 18 .
If a young person has doubts , how can parents provide assistance ?
Of course , a youth who is baptized has made a solemn dedication to Jehovah .
That dedication is a promise to love God and to put his will above everything else .
( Read Mark 12 : 30 . )
Jehovah does not take that promise lightly , and it should not be taken lightly by anyone who has made it .
At an appropriate time and in a kind manner , remind your child of those facts .
Before doing that , however , make good use of material that Jehovah’s organization has provided for parents .
Your doing so may lay the groundwork for stressing both the seriousness and the blessings of being dedicated to Jehovah and of being a baptized Christian .
For example , helpful advice can be found in the appendix entitled “ Questions Parents Ask , ” at the back of the book Questions Young People Ask ​ — Answers That Work , Volume 1 .
It says : “ Don’t hastily conclude that your teen has rejected your faith .
In many cases , there is an underlying issue . ”
It could be peer pressure . Other possible causes may be loneliness or the feeling that other Christian youths are doing better spiritually .
“ Significantly , ” the appendix continues , “ issues such as these have little to do with the tenets of your faith .
They have more to do with circumstances that make practicing faith a challenge ​ — at least for now . ”
The appendix then provides several suggestions about how a Christian parent might help a youth whose conviction is wavering .
How can parents help their children to become “ wise for salvation ” ?
As a parent , you have the weighty responsibility ​ — and privilege — ​ to bring up your children “ in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah . ”
As we have seen , that requires not only teaching them what the Bible says but also helping them to develop conviction about what they learn .
Yes , they need a conviction that is so strong that it moves them to dedicate themselves to Jehovah and to serve him wholeheartedly .
May Jehovah’s Word , his spirit , and your efforts as a parent help your children to become “ wise for salvation . ”
The “ What Does the Bible Really Teach ? ”
study guides are excellent tools to help both young ones and adults to understand and explain Bible truths .
They can be found on jw.org in many languages .
Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > BIBLE STUDY TOOLS .
“ Just as you have always obeyed , . . . keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling . ” ​ — PHIL .
2 : 12 .
SONGS : 133 , 135
Although baptism is a serious step , why should it not be feared or avoided ?
How can you work out your own salvation ?
Why do you treasure your dedication to Jehovah ?
Why is baptism such an important step ?
( See opening picture . )
EACH year thousands of Bible students get baptized .
Many are young people ​ — teenagers and preteens .
They may have been raised in the truth .
Are you one of them ?
If so , you are to be commended .
Baptism is a requirement for Christians , and it is an essential step to gaining salvation . ​ — Matt .
28 : 19 , 20 ; 1 Pet . 3 : 21 .
Why is the step of dedication not to be feared or avoided ?
Although baptism opens the door to many blessings , it also involves responsibility .
In what way ?
On the day of your baptism , you answered yes to the question , “ On the basis of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ , have you repented of your sins and dedicated yourself to Jehovah to do his will ? ”
Your baptism symbolizes your dedication .
It is a solemn promise that you made to Jehovah to love him and to put his will above everything else .

That is a serious commitment .
Should you regret making it ?
No , you definitely should not .
Putting yourself in Jehovah’s hands is never a wrong move .
Consider the alternative !
A person who lives apart from Jehovah is under Satan’s rule .
The Devil has no interest in your salvation .
In fact , he would be happy if you lost out on everlasting life by siding with him in rejecting Jehovah’s sovereignty .
What blessings come from dedicating yourself to Jehovah ?
In contrast to supporting Satan , consider the blessings you have as a dedicated and baptized Christian .
Now that you have given your life to Jehovah , you can say with greater confidence than ever before : “ Jehovah is on my side ; I will not be afraid .
What can man do to me ? ”
You could have no greater privilege in life than being on God’s side and having him approve of you .
4 , 5 . ( a ) In what way is dedication a personal responsibility ?
( b ) What challenges are not unique to young people ?
As a baptized Christian , your relationship with Jehovah is not a ‘ family plan , ’ such as some people have for cellular telephone service .
On the contrary , you are now responsible for your own salvation , even if you still live under your parents ’ roof .
Why is it important to remember that ?
Because you cannot always predict what challenges you will face in the future .
For example , if you were baptized as a preteen , you likely will face new feelings and pressures as you enter and pass through adolescence .
One teenage girl put it this way : “ A child usually won’t resent being one of Jehovah’s Witnesses just because of not having a piece of birthday cake at school .
But in a few years when the urge to have sex becomes stronger , he or she needs to be thoroughly convinced that obeying Jehovah’s laws is always the best choice . ”
Of course , being confronted with new challenges is not unique to young people .
Even those who got baptized as adults face many unanticipated tests of faith .
Such tests may have to do with marriage , health issues , or employment .
Really , everyone , regardless of his or her age , will encounter situations that require faithfulness to Jehovah . ​ — Jas .
1 : 12 - 14 .
( a ) In what way is your dedication to Jehovah unconditional ?
( b ) What can you learn from Philippians 4 : 11 - 13 ?
To help you stay faithful in any circumstance , never forget that your promise to Jehovah is unconditional .
That means that you have told the Sovereign of the universe that you will continue to serve him even if your friends or parents stop doing so .
In all situations , you can summon the strength ​ — with Jehovah’s help — ​ to live up to your dedication . ​ — Read Philippians 4 : 11 - 13 .
What does it mean to work out your own salvation “ with fear and trembling ” ?
Jehovah wants you to be his friend .
But maintaining that friendship and working out your own salvation will require effort .
In fact , Philippians 2 : 12 says : “ Keep working out your own salvation with fear and trembling . ”
Those words indicate that you need to consider how you will maintain your friendship with Jehovah and remain faithful to him despite any challenges .
You cannot become overconfident .
Even some of God’s longtime servants have gone astray .
Hence , what steps can you take to work out your own salvation ?
What does personal study include , and why is it important ?
Friendship with Jehovah involves two - way communication ​ — listening and talking .
Personal study of the Bible is the prime way we listen to Jehovah .
That includes taking in knowledge by reading and meditating on God’s Word and Bible - based publications .
As you do that , remember that study of the Bible is not a mere academic exercise . It should not be as if you were memorizing facts just to pass a school exam .
Fruitful study is more like an expedition on which you can explore and discover new aspects of Jehovah’s personality .
This will help you to draw close to God , and then he will draw close to you . ​ — Jas . 4 : 8 .
How well are you communicating with Jehovah ?
( See paragraphs 8 - 11 )
What tools have helped you in your personal study ?
Jehovah’s organization has provided a number of tools to help you put together an effective study program .
For example , “ Bible Study Activities ” found on the “ Teenagers ” section of jw.org can help you to learn practical lessons from Bible events .
Also on jw.org , the study guides “ What Does the Bible Really Teach ? ”
can help you to build your conviction about your beliefs . Those study guides can help you to learn how to explain your beliefs to others .
Other ideas for study can be found in the article “ Young People Ask . . .
How Can I Make Bible Reading Enjoyable ? ”
in the April 2009 issue of Awake !
Study and meditation play an important role in working out your own salvation . ​ — Read Psalm 119 : 105 .
Why is prayer vital for a baptized Christian ?
While personal study is one way we listen to Jehovah , prayer is a way in which we speak to him .
A Christian should not view prayer as a meaningless ritual ; nor is it a ‘ good luck charm ’ to increase the chances of success at some endeavor .
Rather , prayer is real communication with our Creator .
Jehovah wants to hear from you .
( Read Philippians 4 : 6 . )
When you experience any kind of anxiety , the Bible’s wise advice is to “ throw your burden on Jehovah . ”
Do you really believe that ?
There are millions of brothers and sisters who can assure you that it has helped them .
It can help you too !
Why should you always give thanks to Jehovah ?
Prayer offers you the opportunity to do more than simply ask Jehovah for help .
The Bible says : “ Show yourselves thankful . ”
Sometimes we can become so consumed by our problems that we overlook the many blessings we have .
Why not determine that each day you will think of at least three things for which you can be thankful ? Then thank Jehovah in prayer for those blessings .
A teenager named Abigail , who got baptized at age 12 , says : “ I feel that Jehovah deserves our thanks more than anyone else in the universe .
We should thank him at every opportunity for the gifts he has given us .
I once heard an excellent reminder : If we woke up tomorrow with only the things we thanked Jehovah for today , what would we end up with ? ”
*
12 , 13 .
Why is it important to think of how you personally have tasted Jehovah’s goodness ?
Ancient King David , who had been delivered from many grievous trials , expressed these words in song : “ Taste and see that Jehovah is good ; happy is the man who takes refuge in him . ”
That verse highlights the value of personal experience .
When you read the Bible and our publications and when you attend Christian meetings , you hear encouraging experiences of how God has helped others to stay faithful .
But as you grow spiritually , you need to see Jehovah’s hand in your own life .
How have you personally tasted Jehovah’s goodness ?
There is one way that all Christians have tasted Jehovah’s goodness .
It is by being invited to draw close to God and his Son .
Jesus said : “ No man can come to me unless the Father , who sent me , draws him . ”
Do you feel that those words apply to you ?
A youth might reason , ‘ Jehovah drew my parents , and I merely followed . ’
But when you dedicated yourself to Jehovah and got baptized , you showed that you had come into a privileged relationship with him .
Now you are truly known by him .
The Bible assures us : “ If anyone loves God , this one is known by him . ”
Try always to treasure , to appreciate , your place in Jehovah’s organization .
14 , 15 .
How can the ministry help you to strengthen your faith ?
Another way you can taste Jehovah’s goodness is by experiencing his support as you share your faith with others .
You can do that in the ministry as well as at school .
Some find it difficult to preach to their peers at school . You likely can understand why .
You have no idea how they will react .
It can be especially challenging when speaking to a large group rather than to a classmate one - on - one .
What can help you ?
First , think about why you are convinced of your beliefs .
Are the study guides found on jw.org available in your language ?
If you are not sure , take the time to look for them .
They are designed to help you reflect on what you believe , why you believe it , and how you can explain your beliefs to others .
When your conviction is strong and you are well - prepared , you will feel impelled to give a witness for Jehovah’s name . ​ — Jer .
20 : 8 , 9 .
What might help you overcome hesitancy to speak up about your beliefs ?
Even with preparation , however , you may be hesitant to speak up about your beliefs .
An 18 - year - old sister , baptized when she was 13 , admits , “ I know what I believe , but sometimes I have trouble putting my thoughts into words . ”
How does she deal with this obstacle ?
“ I just try to be casual , ” she says .
“ My classmates talk freely about the things that they do .

I should feel free to do the same .
So I’ll mention something in passing , such as , ‘ I was teaching the Bible the other day , and . . . ’
Then I continue with the point of my story .
Although the immediate point is not in itself about the Bible , often others are curious about what I do when teaching the Bible .
Sometimes they ask questions about it .
The more I use this approach , the easier it gets .
And afterward , I always feel great ! ”
How can your view of your faith help you to speak to others ?
As you show respect for others and take a personal interest in them , it is more likely that they will respond in kind .
“ I had always been afraid that if I worked the Bible into a conversation , people would view me as a fanatic . ” That is a comment made by Olivia , who is 17 and who got baptized as a preteen .
Then she started to think differently .
Rather than give too much thought to her fears , Olivia reasoned : “ A lot of young people don’t know anything about Jehovah’s Witnesses .
We are the only Witnesses they are exposed to .
So the way we act can determine how they will respond .
What if we are shy or timid or have a hard time speaking up about our faith , or what if we cringe when we do speak up ? Then they may look at us as if we aren’t proud of who we are .
They may even respond unkindly because of our lack of confidence .
However , if we talk with ease and assurance about what we believe , making it a normal part of conversation , it’s more likely that they will respect us . ”
What is involved in your working out your own salvation ?
As we have seen , working out your own salvation is a serious responsibility .
Some of the things involved are reading God’s Word and meditating on it , praying to Jehovah , and thinking of ways that Jehovah has blessed you as an individual .
Applying yourself in those aspects will boost your confidence in your privilege of having a friendship with Jehovah .
That , in turn , will move you to speak up about your beliefs . ​ — Read Psalm 73 : 28 .
Why is the effort you put into your salvation worthwhile ?
Jesus said : “ If anyone wants to come after me , let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me . ”
Clearly , discipleship ​ — including dedication and baptism — ​ is an obligation for you as a Christian .
Yet , it opens the door to countless blessings now and to everlasting life in God’s new world .
You have every reason , then , to keep working out your own salvation !
For more suggestions , see “ Young People Ask ​ — Why Should I Pray ? ”
and its accompanying worksheet on jw.org .
Have you carefully read the recent issues of The Watchtower ?
Well , see if you can answer the following questions :
In helping their children spiritually , why should immigrant parents evaluate the matter of language ?
The children will likely learn the local language at school and in their environment .
It can be useful for a child to know more than one language .
Parents should consider where the youths will best grasp the truth and progress spiritually , whether in association with a congregation that uses the local language or with one that uses the immigrant’s language .
Christian parents put their children’s spiritual well - being ahead of personal preferences . ​ — w17.05 , pp . 9 - 11 .
When Jesus asked Peter : “ Do you love me more than these ? ” to what did “ these ” refer ?
( John 21 : 15 )
It seems that Jesus was referring to the fish lying nearby and / ​ or the fishing business .
After Jesus ’ death , Peter returned to his former occupation ​ — fishing .
Christians should weigh the place that secular work has in their heart . ​ — w17.05 , pp . 22 - 23 .
Why did Abraham ask his wife to say that she was his sister ?
( Gen .
12 : 10 - 13 )
In fact , Sarah was Abraham’s half sister .
If Sarah had said that she was his wife , Abraham might have been killed and thus could not have produced the offspring whom God had promised him . ​ — wp17.3 , pp .
14 - 15 .
What technique did Elias Hutter introduce to help those wanting to learn Hebrew ?
He wanted to enable students to distinguish between the root of Hebrew words in the Bible and any associated prefixes or suffixes . To that end , he printed the root in solid letters but the prefixes or suffixes in outline form .
A similar approach is found in footnotes in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures ​ — With References . ​ — wp17.4 , pp .
11 - 12 .
What factors should affect a Christian’s view of keeping a firearm for protection against other humans ?
Some are : God views life as sacred .
Jesus did not urge his followers to get swords for protection .
We are to beat our swords into plowshares .
Life is more valuable than material things .
We respect the conscience of others , and we want to be exemplary . ​ — w17.07 , pp .
31 - 32 .
Why do Matthew’s and Luke’s accounts differ as to Jesus ’ early life ?

Matthew focuses on Joseph , such as his reaction to Mary’s pregnancy and the divine messages to flee to Egypt and later return .
Luke is more focused on Mary ; for example , her visit to Elizabeth and her reaction when the boy Jesus remained at the temple . ​ — w17.08 , p . 32 .
What are some things the Bible has had to endure ? The meaning of words and expressions used in the Bible have changed over time .
Political developments have affected the common language .
There has been opposition to the translation of the Bible into common languages . ​ — w17.09 , pp .
19 - 21 .
Do we have a guardian angel ?
No .
Jesus spoke of his disciples ’ angels looking upon the face of God .
He was saying that angels are interested in his disciples , not that angels are miraculously protecting each one of them . ​ — wp17.5 , p . 5 .
What is the highest form of love ?
When it is based on right principles , a·gaʹpe is the highest form of love .
It can include affection and warmth .
But it reflects high principles , such as unselfish actions for the good of others . ​ — w17.10 , p . 7 .
Indicating the issue in which each article appears
Another Bit of Evidence ( Tattenai existed ) , No . 3
Elias Hutter and His Hebrew Bibles , No . 4
Get More From Reading the Bible , No . 1
Misunderstandings About , No . 1
Why So Many ?
No .
6 For Me , God Did Not Exist ( A . Golec ) , No . 5 I Did Not Want to Die ! ( Y . Quarrie ) , No . 1
I Loved Baseball More Than Anything ! ( S .
Hamilton ) , No .
3 Benefits of Giving , No .
2
Is Celibacy a Requirement for Ministers ?
No . 2
Is Christmas for Christians ? No .
6
Love ​ — A Precious Quality , Aug .



Proper View of Mistakes , No .
6
Resolve Conflicts and Promote Peace , June
When Friendship Is in Danger , Mar .
Winning the Battle for Your Mind , July
Accept God’s Greatest Gift ? No . 2
Cause of Suffering ?
No .
1 Adjusting to Your New Congregation , Nov .
“ Generous Person Will Be Blessed ” ( contributions ) , Nov .
Joy of Leading a Simple Life , May
“ No Road Too Rough or Too Long ” ( Australia ) , Feb .
Offered Selves in Turkey , July
Offered Selves Willingly ( single sisters ) , Jan .
One Act of Christian Kindness , Oct .
“ When Are We Going to Have Another Assembly ? ”
( Mexico ) , Aug .
‘ With More Zeal and Love Than Ever ’ ( 1922 convention ) , May
Illustration About “ Little Dogs ” Insulting ?
No . 5

What Did Jesus Really Look Like ?
No .

6
Being Deaf Has Not Held Me Back From Teaching Others ( W .
Markin ) , May

Blessings Come From Doing What Jehovah Asks ( O .
Matthews ) , Oct .
Determined to Be a Soldier of Christ ( D .
Psarras ) , Apr .
Endurance Under Trial Results in Blessings ( P .
Sivulsky ) , Aug .
I Have Been Blessed to Work With Spiritual Men ( D .
Sinclair ) , Sept .
I Have Benefited From Walking With Wise Ones ( W .
Samuelson ) , Mar .
Leaving Things Behind to Follow the Master ( F .
Fajardo ) , Dec .
We Experienced God’s Undeserved Kindness in Many Ways ( D .
Guest ) , Feb .









Angels Real ?



No . 5


Anxiety , No .
4 Best Gift of All , No .
6
Bible Name on Ancient Jar , Mar .
“ Blessed Be Your Good Sense ! ”
( Abigail ) , June
Escape From Slavery , No . 2
Ever Be Peace on Earth ?
No . 5 Ever Be True Justice on Earth ? No . 3
Four Horsemen , No .
3
God Called Her “ Princess ” ( Sarah ) , No .
5
Hebrew’s Smallest Letter , No .
4
“ He Had Pleased God Well ” ( Enoch ) , No . 1
How Gaius Helped His Brothers , May
How Was Fire Transported in Ancient Times ?
Jan .
Joseph of Arimathea , Oct .
Living in “ the Last Days ” ? No .
2 Look Beyond Outward Appearances , June
Paradise on Earth ​ — Fantasy or Reality ?
No . 4

Paul’s Counsel to Delay Voyage , No .
5
Suffering , No .
1 Were Merchants Who Sold Animals in Temple “ Robbers ” ? June
“ What a Beautiful Woman You Are ” ( Sarah ) , No . 3
What Is Armageddon ?
No . 6 What Jewish Practice Caused Jesus to Condemn the Swearing of Oaths ? Oct .
What the Bible Says About Life and Death , No . 4

When a Loved One Is Terminally Ill , No .
4
Jehovah “ will not let you be tempted beyond what you can bear ” , Feb .
Keep a firearm for protection from humans ?
July
Line leading to Messiah tied to right of firstborn ? Dec .
Married Christians view IUD as compatible with the Scriptures ?
Dec .
Why do Matthew’s and Luke’s accounts about Jesus ’ early life differ ?
Aug . Are You Taking Refuge in Jehovah ?
Nov . Are You Willing to Wait Patiently ?

Aug .
“ Be Courageous . . . and Go to Work , ” Sept .
Chariots and a Crown Safeguard You , Oct .
Cultivate Self - Control , Sept .
Do Not Let Your Love Grow Cold , May
“ Do You Love Me More Than These ? ”
May Do You Share Jehovah’s Sense of Justice ?

Apr .
Exercise Faith ​ — Decide Wisely ! Mar .
Give Honor to Whom It Is Due , Mar .
Helping “ Foreign Residents ” to “ Serve Jehovah With Rejoicing , ” May
Helping the Children of “ Foreign Residents , ” May
How We Put On and Keep On the New Personality , Aug .
How We Strip Off and Keep Off the Old Personality , Aug .
“ I Have Hope Toward God , ” Dec .
“ I Know He Will Rise , ” Dec .
Imitate Jehovah’s Compassion , Sept .
Imitate Jehovah’s Justice and Mercy , Nov .

Jehovah Leads His People , Feb .
Jehovah Provides Comfort in All Our Trials , June
Jehovah’s Purpose Will Be Fulfilled !
Feb .
Keep Your Eyes on the Big Issue , June
Let Nothing Deprive You of the Prize , Nov .
“ Love . . . in Deed and Truth , ” Oct .
Make a Joyful Sound ! Nov .
“ May He . . .
Give Success to All Your Plans , ” July May Your Volunteer Spirit Bring Praise to Jehovah ! Apr .
Parents ​ — Help Your Children Become “ Wise for Salvation , ” Dec .
“ Praise Jah ! ” ​ — Why ? July
Reject Worldly Thinking , Nov .
Seeking Riches That Are True , July
Serve Jehovah With a Complete Heart !
Mar .
Set Your Heart on Spiritual Treasures , June
“ The Judge of All the Earth ” Always Does What Is Right , Apr .
“ The Peace of God . . .
Surpasses All Understanding , ” Aug .
The Ransom ​ — A “ Perfect Present ” From the Father , Feb .
“ These Things Entrust to Faithful Men , ” Jan .
The Truth Brings , “ Not Peace , But a Sword , ” Oct . “ The Word of God . . .
Exerts Power , ” Sept .
“ The Word of Our God Endures Forever , ” Sept .
Treasure Your Gift of Free Will , Jan .
“ Trust in Jehovah and Do What Is Good , ” Jan .
Uphold Jehovah’s Sovereignty !
June
Visions of Zechariah ​ — How They Affect You , Oct .
“ Weep With Those Who Weep , ” July
What Will Go When God’s Kingdom Comes ?
Apr .

“ What You Vow , Pay , ” Apr .
Who Is Leading God’s People Today ?
Feb .
Why Modesty Still Matters , Jan .
Will You Apply Your Heart to the Things Written ?
Mar .

You Can Remain Modest Under Test , Jan .
Young Ones ​ — “ Keep Working Out Your Own Salvation , ” Dec .


© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
3 Is the Bible’s Guidance Relevant Today ?
4 Bible Teachings ​ — Timeless Wisdom
6 Outdated or Ahead of Its Time ?
( Box )
8 Help to Avoid Problems
10 Help to Resolve Problems
12 Help to Cope With Problems
14 The Bible and Your Future
16 What Do You Think ?
With all the information available in today’s high - tech world , is the Bible too old to be relevant ?
The Bible says :
“ All Scripture is inspired of God and beneficial . ” ​ — 2 Timothy 3 : 16 .
This issue of The Watchtower examines the Bible’s claim that it can guide us in every aspect of life .
SOME SAY NO .
One doctor compared using the Bible for guidance to using a textbook from the 1920 ’ s for teaching a chemistry class .
A skeptic might even ask if you would use a manual for an old defunct computer to guide you in using a new up - to - date computer .
In other words , some see the Bible as hopelessly outdated .
Why would anyone use such an ancient guide in today’s modern , high - tech world ?
After all , countless websites and blogs send out a steady flow of the latest advice and guidance .
TV pundits and talk shows feature a stream of knowledgeable psychologists , lifestyle gurus , and authors .
And bookstores publish a flood of self - help books , fueling a multibillion - dollar industry .
With all that up - to - the - minute information available , why turn to the Bible ​ — a book that was completed almost 2,000 years ago ?
Would not skeptics be right in saying that using such an ancient book for guidance is like using an outdated chemistry book or computer manual ?
Actually , the analogy is flawed .
Science and technology change rapidly , but has human nature changed ?
People still want to find meaning in life as well as to have a reasonable measure of happiness and security , good family relations , and rewarding friendships .
As old as it is , the Bible addresses those needs and more .
It also claims to be inspired by our Creator .
It offers to guide us in every aspect of life and to equip us for any challenge that matters .
What is more , it claims to convey counsel that is timeless ​ — advice that never becomes obsolete !
The Bible itself says : “ The word of God is alive . ” ​ — Hebrews 4 : 12 .
Can the Bible’s claims really be true ?
Is it out - of - date , or is it really the most relevant and practical of books ​ — in effect , a living book ?
The purpose of this edition of The Watchtower , the first in a series of special issues , is to help you find the answers to these questions .
PICTURE THIS : You are touring a museum full of ancient monuments .
Most are pitted , weathered , and eroded .
Some have great chunks missing .
One , though , is remarkably intact ; its intricate design is clear in every detail .
“ Is this one newer than the others ? ” you ask your guide .
“ No , ” he responds , “ it is older than most , and it has never been rebuilt . ”
“ Has it been sheltered ? ”
you ask . “ No , ” says your guide , “ this one has faced the worst wind and rain .
And many vandals have tried to mar it . ”
Perhaps you would wonder in amazement , ‘ What is it made of ? ’
In a way , the Bible is like that remarkable monument .
It is a very ancient book ​ — older than most .
There are other ancient books , of course .
But like eroded old monuments , most old writings have been badly damaged by the passage of time .
Their statements on science , for instance , have been contradicted by new knowledge , provable facts .
Their medical counsel often seems more dangerous than helpful .
And many ancient writings are mere fragments of what they once were ; parts have been lost or badly damaged .
The Bible , though , stands out as different .
The writing of it began over 35 centuries ago , yet the Bible is intact .
And though it has been attacked again and again over the centuries ​ — burned , banned , and belittled — ​ its statements have weathered every onslaught .
Far from being proved obsolete in the face of new knowledge , the Bible says much that shows amazing foresight . ​ — See the box “ Outdated or Ahead of Its Time ? ”
You may wonder , though , ‘ Are Bible teachings really practical for our modern day ? ’
To answer , ask yourself : ‘ What are the worst problems facing mankind today ?
Which ones are the most terrifying ? ’
Perhaps you think of warfare , pollution , crime , or corruption .
Now consider some principles that the Bible teaches .
As you do , ask yourself , ‘ If people lived by these values , would the world be a better place ? ’
LOVE OF PEACE
“ Happy are the peacemakers , since they will be called sons of God . ”
“ If possible , as far as it depends on you , be peaceable with all men . ” ​ — Romans 12 : 18 .
MERCY , FORGIVENESS
“ Happy are the merciful , since they will be shown mercy . ”
“ Continue putting up with one another and forgiving one another freely even if anyone has a cause for complaint against another . Just as Jehovah * freely forgave you , you must also do the same . ” ​ — Colossians 3 : 13 .
RACIAL HARMONY
God “ made out of one man every nation of men to dwell on the entire surface of the earth . ”
“ God is not partial , but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him . ” ​ — Acts 10 : 34 , 35 .
RESPECT FOR THE EARTH
“ Jehovah God took the man and settled him in the garden of Eden to cultivate it and to take care of it . ”
God will “ bring to ruin those ruining the earth . ” ​ — Revelation 11 : 18 .
HATRED OF GREED AND IMMORALITY
“ Guard against every sort of greed , because even when a person has an abundance , his life does not result from the things he possesses . ”
“ Let sexual immorality and every sort of uncleanness or greediness not even be mentioned among you , just as is proper for holy people . ” ​ — Ephesians 5 : 3 .
HONESTY , HARD WORK
“ We wish to conduct ourselves honestly in all things . ”
“ Let the one who steals steal no more ; rather , let him do hard work . ” ​ — Ephesians 4 : 28 .
THE IMPORTANCE OF HELPING THOSE IN NEED
“ Speak consolingly to those who are depressed , support the weak , be patient toward all . ”
“ Look after orphans and widows in their tribulation . ” ​ — James 1 : 27 .
The Bible does not merely list those values .
In practical ways , it teaches us to value such principles and to apply them in our day - to - day life .
If more people actually applied the teachings we have listed , would there not be a great impact on mankind’s worst problems ?
Really , then , Bible principles are more relevant and timely than ever !
What , though , can Bible teachings do for you right now ?
The wisest of men once said : “ Wisdom is vindicated by its results . ”
Would you not agree ?
The real test of wisdom is how it works when you apply it .
So you may reason : ‘ If the Bible really is practical , should it not produce results in my life ?
How is it useful for the problems I face right now ? ’
Consider an example .
For Delphine , * life was busy , full , and rewarding .
Suddenly , though , she suffered a series of tragic losses .
Her teenage daughter died .
Her marriage disintegrated .
Her finances fell into chaos .
She recalls : “ I had no idea who I was anymore ​ — no daughter , no husband , no home .
I felt I was nothing ​ — no identity , no strength , no thought of the future . ”
Never before had Delphine seen so vividly the truth of these words : “ The span of our life is 70 years , or 80 if one is especially strong . But they are filled with trouble and sorrow ; they quickly pass by , and away we fly . ” ​ — Psalm 90 : 10 .
Delphine turned to the Bible in her hour of need .
What it did for her is remarkable .
As the following three articles will show , many others have also found that the Bible has done wonders for them when they applied its counsel to the problems of life .
They have come to feel that the Bible is like that monument described at the outset .
It is quite unlike the countless books that grow old and obsolete .
Is that because the Bible , in effect , is made of something different ?
Might it actually contain God’s thoughts ​ — and not merely man’s ? ​ — 1 Thessalonians 2 : 13 .
Perhaps you too have found that life is short and full of problems .
When problems threaten to overwhelm you , where do you turn for comfort , support , and reliable advice ?
Let us consider three key ways in which the Bible can prove practical in your life . It can teach you how to
avoid problems where possible .
resolve difficulties when they arise .
cope successfully with situations you cannot change .
The following articles will discuss these three areas .
Jehovah is God’s name as revealed in the Bible . ​ — Psalm 83 : 18 .
In this article and the three that follow , some names have been changed .
The Bible says that its counsel is inspired and “ beneficial for teaching , for reproving , for setting things straight . ”
Is that true ?
Consider how Biblical wisdom has helped people to avoid some of life’s hardest problems before they became entrenched .
Delphine , mentioned in the preceding article , felt that her anxieties were pushing her toward overdrinking .
The Bible does not condemn the moderate use of alcohol , but it says : “ Do not be among those who drink too much wine . ”
( Proverbs 23 : 20 ) Misuse of alcohol has been linked to serious health problems , broken and damaged relationships , and millions of untimely deaths each year .
Much of this trouble could be avoided if people followed the Bible’s wise advice .
Delphine did .
She now says : “ I realized that the alcohol was not solving my anxiety .
I applied the wisdom of Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 , which says : ‘ Do not be anxious over anything , but . . . let your petitions be made known to God . ’
Each night when I felt my thoughts racing and anxiety rising , I petitioned Jehovah .
I defined all my feelings , including anger , hurt , and despair , and I pleaded with him to help me find ways to feel more positive .
In the morning , I made sure that I had truly let go of those feelings .
That habit seemed to focus my mind on what I had rather than on what I did not have .
I chose never to drink alcohol again .
Because the peace that I found was so precious , I just could not risk losing it . ”
Few problems cause as much heartbreak and misery .
But Bible principles can help us avoid such problems by addressing some of the leading causes ​ — for example , inappropriate flirting and pornography .
“ It was so easy to flirt , ” says a young man named Samuel .
“ Sometimes I was not attracted to the other person , but I could tell that she liked me ​ — and that made it entertaining to flirt . ”
Samuel found that he was accused of flirting so often ​ — even when he did not intend to — ​ that he finally decided to go ahead and flirt on purpose .
But the habit bothered him .
“ It was harmful , ” he now says , “ because it develops very selfish tendencies . ”
Samuel read an article for young people published on the website jw.org .
And he thought about Proverbs 20 : 11 , which says : “ Even a child [ or , “ boy , ” footnote ] is known by his actions , whether his behavior is pure and right . ”
How did that help ?
Samuel realized that his flirting was neither pure nor right .
He now says : “ I also learned that a youth who flirts is developing qualities that make for being a bad marriage mate .
I started thinking how my future wife would feel if she saw me flirting with another woman .
That made me realize that the habit is not harmless .
The fact that it’s easy doesn’t make it right . ”
Samuel changed .
Avoiding flirting has also helped him to avoid immorality .
Antonio was in even greater danger from immorality : He was addicted to pornography .
Although he was married to a woman he dearly loved , he found himself giving in to that habit again and again .
He says that thinking about 1 Peter 5 : 8 really helped him .
It says : “ Keep your senses , be watchful !
Your adversary , the Devil , walks about like a roaring lion , seeking to devour someone . ”
Antonio comments : “ Pornographic images are all around us in this world , and those images can stick in the mind .
That verse really helped me to think about the source of these temptations .
I needed to make it a reflex to associate those dirty images with their despicable source .
Now I know that only Jehovah can help me ‘ keep my senses and be watchful ’ so that I can fight off those attacks on my mind , my heart , and my marriage . ”
Antonio received the help he needed , and at last he has put his bad habit behind him .
That , in turn , has helped him to avoid even worse troubles .
Clearly , the Bible provides practical advice that can help us avoid serious problems .
But what about problems that have already taken root and prove to be persistent ?
Let us see how God’s Word can help us to resolve such difficult issues .
The Bible’s practical guidance can help us avoid some problems
Some of life’s problems tend to persist , sometimes for years ; they may take root before we are fully aware of them .
Does the Bible give us the wisdom to resolve such persistent and frustrating problems ?
Consider some examples .
Rosie says , “ I got hung up on certain worries by making things worse in my mind or imagining the worst - case scenarios . ”
What Bible verses helped ?
One of them is Matthew 6 : 34 : “ Never be anxious about the next day , for the next day will have its own anxieties .
Each day has enough of its own troubles . ”
Rosie now says that those words of Jesus helped her to stop worrying about what might happen tomorrow .
She adds , “ I had enough troubles as it was , without adding worries about situations that hadn’t happened and probably wouldn’t happen . ”
Yasmine too sensed her anxiety taking control over her .
“ I would cry a couple of days during the week , and I couldn’t sleep some nights .
I felt that negative thinking was eating me alive . ”
What scripture helped ?
She refers to 1 Peter 5 : 7 : “ Throw all your anxiety on [ God ] , because he cares for you . ”
Yasmine says : “ As time went on , I kept praying to Jehovah , and he answered my prayers .
I felt as if a big weight had been lifted off of my shoulders .
My negative thinking does come back from time to time , but now I know how to handle it . ”
A young woman named Isabella says : “ I think procrastination is genetic because my dad has it too .
I put off important things in order to do nothing ​ — just to relax or watch TV instead .
It’s a harmful habit because it increases stress and causes a person to do a poor job . ”
A principle that helped her is reflected at 2 Timothy 2 : 15 , which says : “ Do your utmost to present yourself approved to God , a workman with nothing to be ashamed of . ”
Says Isabella , “ I didn’t want Jehovah to be ashamed of my work just because I procrastinated . ”
She has improved greatly .
Similarly , Kelsey comments : “ I would have a project due and put it off till the last second .
I would cry , lose sleep , and worry .
It wasn’t good for me . ”
Kelsey found help at Proverbs 13 : 16 : “ The shrewd person acts with knowledge , but the fool exposes his own foolishness . ”
She explains what meditating on this scripture taught her : “ It is wise to be practical and to plan ahead .
Now I have a journal that I keep on my desk to schedule upcoming work , and this helps me to schedule myself , not leaving things till the last minute . ”
“ My husband walked out on our marriage , leaving me with four young children , ” relates Kirsten .
What Scriptural principle came to her aid ?
Proverbs 17 : 17 reads : “ A true friend shows love at all times , and is a brother who is born for times of distress . ”
Kirsten reached out to others who serve Jehovah as she does .
What did she find ?
“ My friends rallied around me in so many ways !
Some left groceries and flowers on my doorstep .
Three times a small army of people helped my children and me to move from one house to another .
One person helped me find a job .
My friends were always there for me . ”
Delphine , mentioned earlier , likewise struggled with loneliness .
She recalls after all her losses : “ I felt as if I were outside the store of life looking in on everybody else .
I felt very lonely . ”
One scripture that helped her was Psalm 68 : 6 : “ God gives those who are alone a home to dwell in . ”
She explains : “ I knew that the verse could not just mean a home in a physical sense now .
Rather , I came to understand that God offers us a spiritual home , a place of real safety that provides genuine connections and emotional attachment to others who love Jehovah .
But I knew that I could not get closer to others until I first got closer to Jehovah .
So Psalm 37 : 4 helped with that : ‘ Find exquisite delight in Jehovah , and he will grant you the desires of your heart . ’ ”
She concludes : “ I realized that I needed to attach myself more firmly to Jehovah .
He is the finest of the fine .
Then I made a list of activities that I could enjoy with others , so that I could form connections with them that were based on spiritual values .
I learned to see the good in others and to treat them as if that were all that I could see . ”
Of course , friends who serve God are still imperfect .
Jehovah’s Witnesses struggle with problems just as everyone else does .
But Bible training motivates people to help others whenever possible .
It is wise to make such friends .
However , can Bible principles also help with problems that cannot be solved today , such as chronic health issues and grief ?
Applying Bible counsel can help you find supportive friends
There are problems that for now can neither be avoided nor resolved .
For example , if you have lost a loved one in death or if you face a chronic illness , you may have no choice but to find ways to cope with your pain .
Can the Bible help in such dire situations ?
Rose says : “ I have a genetic disorder that causes me severe and constant pain .
My quality of life has plummeted . ”
One of her greatest concerns was that she was sometimes unable to focus her mind on her study of the Bible and spiritual matters .
But she was greatly helped by Jesus ’ words recorded at Matthew 19 : 26 : “ With God all things are possible . ”
Rose learned that there is more than one way to study .
Because her pain made reading nearly impossible at times , she began listening to recordings of the Bible and Bible literature .
* “ Without those options , ” she says , “ I don’t know how I would have maintained my spirituality . ”
When Rose is saddened over being unable to do what she once could , she finds comfort in the words recorded at 2 Corinthians 8 : 12 : “ If the readiness is there first , it is especially acceptable according to what a person has , not according to what a person does not have . ”
Those words remind Rose that God is pleased with what she does , because she does all that she can within her limitations .
Delphine , mentioned earlier , recalls : “ After my 18 - year - old daughter died , the pain was so great that I did not believe that I would be able to continue living .
Nothing would be the same . ”
She found great comfort , though , in the words of Psalm 94 : 19 , wherein the psalmist said to God : “ When anxieties overwhelmed me , you comforted and soothed me . ”
She says , “ I prayed to Jehovah to help me find things to do that would help me soothe the pain . ”
She threw herself into meaningful volunteer work .
In time , she came to liken herself to a child’s crayon ​ — even the broken ones are still useful for coloring .
Similarly , though she felt broken , she learned that she could still help others .
She recalls : “ I suddenly found that when I used Bible principles and Scriptural ways of thinking to comfort my students , that was Jehovah’s way of soothing and comforting me . ”
She made a list of Bible characters who went through periods of intense grief .
“ Without exception , ” she found , “ they were all people of prayer . ”
She also learned that “ there can be no answers if your Bible is closed . ”
Studying the Bible has taught Delphine something else ​ — to focus on the future , not the past .
The hope mentioned at Acts 24 : 15 comforts her : “ There is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous . ”
How sure is she that Jehovah will resurrect her daughter ?
Let Delphine answer : “ I see my daughter in the future .
Our next ‘ date ’ is already scheduled , as if it were on my Father’s calendar .
I see us together in our garden as clearly as I saw and loved her the day she was born . ”

Many such recordings are available on the website jw.org .
The Bible can help you find comfort even in the darkest times
The Bible’s answer is clear .
It states : “ Jehovah is near to all those calling on him , to all who call on him in truth . He satisfies the desire of those who fear him ; he hears their cry for help , and he rescues them . ”
Is that not heartwarming ?
How , though , will God answer the prayers of people who sincerely look to him for guidance ?
BY GIVING US STRENGTH :
Problems can often discourage and drain us ​ — physically , emotionally , and spiritually .
But Jehovah “ gives power to the tired one and full might to those lacking strength . ”
The apostle Paul , who endured serious trials , said : “ For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power . ”
Paul was empowered by God’s holy spirit .
You too can ask God to give you holy spirit . ​ — Luke 11 : 13 .
BY GIVING US WISDOM :
What if you need help to understand and apply the Bible’s counsel ?
The disciple James writes : “ If any one of you is lacking in wisdom , let him keep asking God , for he gives generously to all and without reproaching , and it will be given him . ”
You can work in harmony with your prayers by reading the Bible and applying its teachings .
As you do , you will learn firsthand how wise its counsel is .
BY GIVING US PEACE :
Even when you suffer deep anxiety , Jehovah can help you to feel calm .
His Word says : “ Do not be anxious over anything , but in everything by prayer and supplication along with thanksgiving , let your petitions be made known to God ; and the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers by means of Christ Jesus . ”
Why not ask Jehovah to grant you peace ?
What , though , if your problems are not quickly resolved ?
Do not conclude that God has forsaken you .
Even if your problems persist , God can give you the courage and strength to endure .
The Bible also promises that the time will come when our problems will be resolved permanently !
IMAGINE you are walking along a dark path late one evening .
Although the sun has long since set , you do not feel hopelessly lost , for you have in your hand a powerful flashlight .
When you point it downward , you see clearly what is immediately in front of you .
And when you point it forward , its piercing beam illuminates your path far into the distance .
In some ways , the Bible is like such a flashlight .
As we considered in the preceding articles , God’s Word can help us deal with what is immediately in front of us ​ — the day - to - day problems that we all face in this uncertain world .
But the Bible does more .
It also provides an illuminating view of the future , enabling us to see and follow a path that leads to lasting happiness and contentment .
How so ?
Let us consider two ways in which the Bible gives us a practical hope for the future : 1 It helps us find purpose in life , and 2 it teaches us how to build an eternal friendship with our Creator .
The Bible offers solid advice for dealing with our problems , yet it is far more than a mere self - help book .
Rather than encouraging us to focus solely on personal concerns , the Bible teaches us to see ourselves as part of a bigger picture .
Only then can our lives have real meaning .
Take , for example , this Bible principle : “ There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving . ”
Can you think of a time when you helped someone in need materially ?
Or perhaps when you gave of yourself by listening as a friend poured out his or her heart ?
Did you not feel a sense of fulfillment in helping to brighten someone else’s day ?
We find the greatest happiness when we give without expecting anything in return .
One author noted : “ It is virtually impossible to give yourself away without getting back more than you give ​ — provided you give away with no thought of any reward . ”
Yet , when we give of ourselves ​ — especially to those who have no way of returning the favor — ​ we do receive a reward .
We become part of a bigger picture .
Indeed , we are working hand in hand with the Creator himself , who views such acts of kindness as a loan made to him .
He greatly values what we do for the lowly , and he promises to repay us with nothing less than eternal life in a paradise earth ​ — truly a thrilling hope for the future ! ​ — Psalm 37 : 29 ; Luke 14 : 12 - 14 .
*
Above all , the Bible teaches us that we can find real purpose in life by worshipping the true God , Jehovah .
His Word encourages us to give him the praise , honor , and obedience he deserves . When we do so , we accomplish something that is astounding to contemplate : We affect our Creator in a positive way .
Indeed , he urges us : “ Be wise . . . and make my heart rejoice . ”
Just think ​ — when we wisely make decisions based on the principles set out in the Bible , we bring joy to the heart of our loving heavenly Father .
Why ?
Because he cares for us and wants us to benefit ourselves by following his guidance .
Really , what greater purpose could we have than to worship the Sovereign of the universe and live in a way that brings joy to his heart ?

The Bible also teaches us to build a friendship with our Creator .
“ Draw close to God , ” the Scriptures say , “ and he will draw close to you . ”
At times we may doubt whether it is truly possible to be friends with the almighty Creator .
But the Bible assures us that if we “ seek God , ” we will “ really find him , ” for “ he is not far off from each one of us . ”
The Bible’s advice on becoming a friend of God is highly practical for our future .
In what way ?
Consider : Try as we may , none of us on our own can escape the ultimate enemy ​ — death .
However , God is eternal .
He will never die , and he wants his friends to live forever as well .
Using the following simple yet beautiful words , the Bible expresses what Jehovah wants for those seeking him : “ May you enjoy life forever . ” ​ — Psalm 22 : 26 .
How can you build such an eternal friendship with God ?
Keep learning about him through the pages of his Word , the Bible .
Seek his help to understand the Scriptures .
The Bible assures us that if we sincerely “ keep asking God ” for wisdom , he will grant it to us .
* Finally , strive to apply what you learn , letting God’s Word serve as both “ a lamp to [ your ] foot ” and a “ light for [ your ] path ” ​ — now and throughout eternity . ​ — Psalm 119 : 105 .
For more information about God’s promise of everlasting life in Paradise , see chapter 3 of the book What Can the Bible Teach Us ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Jehovah’s Witnesses offer a free Bible course that can help you grow in understanding of the Scriptures .
To learn about this course , please see the video What Happens at a Bible Study ?
You can find it by going to jw.org , clicking the Search button , and entering the title .
God is eternal , and he wants his friends to live forever as well
SOME PEOPLE BELIEVE . . .
that they cannot be God’s friend because they feel unclean or sinful .
Others say that God does not care about us .
What do you think ?
WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS
God’s “ close friendship is with the upright . ”
If we obey God , we can become his friends .
WHAT ELSE CAN WE LEARN FROM THE BIBLE ?
God wants to be our Friend . ​ — James 4 : 8 .
As our Friend , God is ready to help and forgive us . ​ — Psalm 86 : 5 .
God’s friends love what he loves and hate what he hates . ​ — Romans 12 : 9 .
For more information about how you can live in a way that pleases God , see chapter 12 of this book , What Can the Bible Teach Us ? published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Also available at www.jw.org
THE BIBLE IS NOT A SCIENCE TEXTBOOK , YET IT CONTAINS STATEMENTS THAT WERE WAY AHEAD OF THEIR TIME .
CONSIDER A FEW EXAMPLES .
Did the physical universe have a beginning ?
Leading scientists once felt strongly that the answer was no .
Now they generally accept that there was a beginning to the universe .
The Bible said that clearly all along . ​ — Genesis 1 : 1 .
What is the shape of the earth ?
In ancient times , many people thought that the earth was flat .
In the fifth century B.C.E . , Greek scientists suggested that it was a sphere .
But long before that ​ — in the eighth century B.C.E . ​ — the Bible writer Isaiah referred to “ the circle of the earth , ” using a word that may also be rendered “ sphere . ” ​ — Isaiah 40 : 22 ; footnote .
Are the physical heavens subject to decay ?
Greek scientist Aristotle , of the fourth century B.C.E . , taught that decay happens only on the earth , while the starry heavens could never change or decay .
That view prevailed for many centuries .
But in the 19th century , scientists formulated the concept of entropy .
It suggests that all matter , whether heavenly or earthly , tends to decay .
One of the scientists who helped to advance this concept , Lord Kelvin , noted that the Bible says about heaven and earth : “ Just like a garment they will all wear out . ”
Kelvin believed , as the Bible teaches , that God could choose to prevent such decay from destroying His creations . ​ — Ecclesiastes 1 : 4 .
What holds up planets such as our earth ?
Aristotle taught that all the heavenly bodies were encased in crystalline spheres , each one nested tightly within the next , with the earth innermost .
By the 18th century C.E . , scientists were accepting the idea that stars and planets might hang in a void .
But in the book of Job , of the 15th century B.C.E . , we read that the Creator is “ suspending the earth upon nothing . ” ​ — Job 26 : 7 .
THE BIBLE , THOUGH NOT A MEDICAL TEXTBOOK , CONTAINS SOME PRINCIPLES THAT REFLECT ADVANCED KNOWLEDGE OF HEALTH .
Isolating sick people .
The Mosaic Law prescribed keeping people with leprosy separate from others .
Not until the plagues of the Middle Ages did medical doctors learn to apply this principle , which is still deemed effective . ​ — Leviticus , chapters 13 and 14 .
Washing after touching a dead body .
Until late in the 19th century , physicians often worked on corpses and then on living patients ​ — without washing their hands in between .
That practice caused many deaths .
Yet , the Mosaic Law stated that anyone who touched a dead body was ceremonially unclean .
It even directed that water be used for ceremonial cleansing in such cases .
Those religious practices surely had health benefits as well . ​ — Numbers 19 : 11 , 19 .
Waste disposal .
Each year , over half a million children die of diarrhea , largely because of exposure to human waste that is not disposed of properly .
The Mosaic Law said that human waste should be buried , disposed of away from human habitation . ​ — Deuteronomy 23 : 13 .
Timing of circumcision .
God’s Law stipulated that a male child should be circumcised on the eighth day of life .
In newborn babies , the blood’s ability to clot is understood to reach normal levels after the first week .
In Bible times , before advanced medical treatments were available , waiting for over a week before circumcision was a wise protection .
The link between emotional health and physical health .
Medical researchers and scientists say that positive emotions such as joy , hope , gratitude , and a willingness to forgive have some beneficial effects on health .
The Bible says : “ A joyful heart is good medicine , but a crushed spirit saps one’s strength . ” ​ — Proverbs 17 : 22 .
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
WHAT DOES THE FUTURE HOLD ?
3 Predicting the Future
4 Astrology and Fortune - Telling ​ — Windows to the Future ?
6 Prophecies That Have Come True
8 A Silent Witness to Accurate Prophecy
10 Promises That Will Come True
12 You Can Live Forever on Earth
14 Your Future , Your Choice !
16 “ The Meek Will Possess the Earth ”
Have you ever wondered what the future will be for you and your family ?
The Bible says :
“ The righteous will possess the earth , and they will live forever on it . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 29 .
This issue of The Watchtower will help you to understand God’s wonderful purpose for mankind and the earth and what you must do to benefit from that purpose .
Have you ever wondered what the future will be for you and your family ?
Does it promise riches or ruin , love or loneliness ?
Will you live a long life , or will your life be cut short ?
People have speculated about such questions for thousands of years .
Today experts study global trends and make projections about the future .
While many of their forecasts have come true , others have failed , some miserably .
For example , in 1912 , Guglielmo Marconi , the inventor of a wireless telegraph , was quoted as predicting : “ The coming of the wireless era will make war impossible . ”
And an agent of the Decca Record Company , who rejected the Beatles in 1962 , believed that guitar - playing groups were on the way out .
Many turn to the supernatural for clues about the future .
Some seek the advice of astrologers ; horoscopes are a regular feature in many magazines and newspapers .
Others consult fortune - tellers or psychics , who claim to “ read ” the future by interpreting patterns in tarot cards , numbers , or the lines of one’s hand .
In their effort to discern the future , some in the ancient world consulted oracles ​ — priests or priestesses who passed on information from the god they claimed to represent .
For instance , it is said that King Croesus of Lydia sent gifts of great value to the oracle at Delphi , Greece , with a request to learn what the outcome would be if he fought against Cyrus of Persia .
The oracle said that Croesus would destroy “ a great empire ” if he marched against Cyrus .
Confident of victory , Croesus sallied forth , but the great empire that was destroyed was his own !
The ambiguous forecast of the oracle was worthless ; it would have appeared true no matter which side won the war .
Croesus paid dearly for misinformation that brought him disaster .
Have those who turn to today’s popular methods of predicting the future fared any better ?
Astrology is a form of divination that holds that the stars , the moon , and the planets significantly influence the lives of people on earth .
Astrologers claim that the position of these celestial bodies at the time of one’s birth shapes his or her personality and future .
Though the roots of astrology can be traced to ancient Babylon , it remains popular .
According to a 2012 survey in the United States , one third of those surveyed thought that astrology was “ sort of scientific , ” and 10 percent said that it was “ very scientific . ”
Is it ?
No .
Here is why .
The planets and stars emit no force that could affect humans the way astrologers say they do .
Often the predictions are so general that they could apply to anyone .
Astrological calculations today are made according to the ancient belief that the planets revolve around the earth .
In fact , the planets revolve around the sun .
Predictions made by different astrologers for the same individual do not match .
Astrology classifies people under one of 12 categories , or zodiac signs , according to their date of birth .
Because of changes in earth’s position in space over the centuries , the dates associated with the signs of the zodiac no longer correspond to when the sun passes through the constellations for which the signs were named .
The zodiac signs are said to give clues to a person’s character .
In reality , people who have the same birthday do not have the same traits ; one’s birth date reveals nothing about his or her personality .
Instead of seeing people as they really are , astrologers judge a person’s behavior and character by a set of assumptions .
Is this not a form of prejudice ?
From ancient times , people have consulted fortune - tellers .
Some practitioners looked for meaning in such things as the entrails of animals and humans or the way a rooster pecks at its grain .
Others made projections based on patterns in tea leaves or coffee grounds .
Today they use tarot cards , crystal balls , dice , and other means to “ read ” a person’s future .
Is fortune - telling a reliable way to discern the future ?
No , it is not .
Let us reason on the matter .
Consider the issue of consistency .
The predictions of differing fortune - telling methods often contradict one another .
Even when the same method is used , forecasts vary .
For example , if a person asks two fortune - tellers the same question about the future based on the “ reading ” of the same cards , logically the answers should be the same .
But often they are not .
Fortune - tellers ’ methods or motives have come under suspicion .
Critics say that the cards or crystal balls are mere props and that the fortune - teller reads the person’s reactions rather than the props .
For example , a skilled fortune - teller will ask general questions and carefully watch for verbal and nonverbal clues that could reveal something about the client .
The fortune - teller will then take credit for knowing facts and situations that the client has just unknowingly given away .
Having won the client’s trust , some fortune - tellers have been able to obtain large sums of money from their customers .
The practice of astrology and fortune - telling implies that our future is predetermined .
But is it ?
The Bible tells us that we have the ability to choose what we believe or want to do and that our choices affect our future . ​ — Joshua 24 : 15 .
Worshippers of God have an added reason to reject astrology and fortune - telling ​ — God condemns all forms of divination .
In the Bible we find these words : “ There should not be found in you anyone . . . who employs divination , anyone practicing magic , anyone who looks for omens , a sorcerer , anyone binding others with a spell , anyone who consults a spirit medium or a fortune - teller , or anyone who inquires of the dead .
For whoever does these things is detestable to Jehovah . ” * ​ — Deuteronomy 18 : 10 - 12 .
The name of “ the Most High over all the earth . ” ​ — Psalm 83 : 18 .
Earlier we referred to the legend about Croesus ’ being misled by the oracle of Delphi , which resulted in his defeat by the king of Persia .
The Bible , on the other hand , contains a remarkable prophecy involving the king of Persia that was fulfilled in minute detail .
About 200 years in advance ​ — long before the king was born — ​ the Hebrew prophet Isaiah mentioned Cyrus by name and described how he would conquer the mighty city of Babylon .
Isaiah 44 : 24 , 27 , 28 : “ This is what Jehovah says , . . . ‘ the One saying to the deep waters , “ Be evaporated , and I will dry up all your rivers ” ; the One saying of Cyrus , “ He is my shepherd , and he will completely carry out all my will ” ; the One saying of Jerusalem , “ She will be rebuilt , ” and of the temple , “ Your foundation will be laid . ” ’ ”
According to the Greek historian Herodotus , the army of Cyrus diverted the waters of the Euphrates River , which flowed through the city of Babylon .
Cyrus ’ strategy enabled his troops to enter the city along the riverbed .
After taking the city , Cyrus freed the Jews who had been captive in Babylon and allowed them to return and rebuild Jerusalem , which had been destroyed 70 years earlier .
Isaiah 45 : 1 : “ This is what Jehovah says to his anointed one , to Cyrus , whose right hand I have taken hold of to subdue nations before him , to disarm kings , to open before him the double doors , so that the gates will not be shut . ”
The Persians entered the city through the massive two - leaved doors in the city wall , which had carelessly been left open .
Had the Babylonians been aware of what Cyrus was planning , they could have shut all the gates that opened onto the river .
But as it was , the city was defenseless .
This remarkable prophecy is but one of dozens found in the Bible that unerringly came true .
* Unlike the predictions of men , often attributed to their false gods , Bible prophecies originate with the One who proclaimed : “ From the beginning I foretell the outcome , and from long ago the things that have not yet been done . ” ​ — Isaiah 46 : 10 .
Only the true God , whose name is Jehovah , can make such a claim .
That name evidently means “ He Causes to Become . ”
It points to his ability to know and shape future events in harmony with his will .
It assures us that he is certain to bring about all that he has promised .
Would you like to know what Bible prophecies have to say about our day ?
Some 2,000 years ago , the Bible foretold that “ critical times hard to deal with ” would come “ in the last days . ”
Last days of what ?
Not of the earth or humankind , but of the strife , oppression , and suffering that have plagued mankind for millenniums .
Let us examine just a few of the prophecies that earmark “ the last days . ”
2 Timothy 3 : 1 - 5 : “ In the last days . . . , men will be lovers of themselves , lovers of money , boastful , haughty , blasphemers , disobedient to parents , unthankful , disloyal , having no natural affection , not open to any agreement , slanderers , without self - control , fierce , without love of goodness , betrayers , headstrong , puffed up with pride , lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God , having an appearance of godliness but proving false to its power . ”
Would you not agree that such behavior is increasingly evident in people today ?
Have you perceived that we are surrounded by people who adore themselves , love money , and are driven by pride ?
Have you not observed that people are more demanding and less willing to agree with others ?
Surely you notice that there is widespread disobedience to parents and that people in general love pleasures more than they love God .
And things are getting worse by the day .
Matthew 24 : 6 , 7 : “ You are going to hear of wars and reports of wars . . . .
Nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom . ”
Some estimates place the total number of deaths in wars and armed conflicts since 1914 at well over 100 million , a figure that surpasses the entire population of many nations .
Imagine the tears , grief , and suffering represented by that colossal statistic .
Have the nations taken note and put an end to war ?
Matthew 24 : 7 : “ There will be food shortages . ”
The World Food Programme stated : “ In a world where we produce enough food to feed everyone , 815 million people ​ — one in nine — ​ still go to bed on an empty stomach each night .
Even more ​ — one in three — ​ suffer from some form of malnutrition . ”
It is estimated that each year some three million children die from hunger .
Luke 21 : 11 : “ There will be great earthquakes . ”
Each year , some 50,000 earthquakes are large enough to be felt by humans .
About 100 bring substantial damage to buildings , and one very great earthquake occurs about every year .
According to one estimate , between 1975 and 2000 , earthquakes claimed the lives of 471,000 people .
Matthew 24 : 14 : “ This good news of the Kingdom will be preached in all the inhabited earth for a witness to all the nations , and then the end will come . ”
Jehovah’s Witnesses , numbering more than eight million , have been preaching and bearing witness to the good news of God’s Kingdom throughout the earth in some 240 lands .
They proclaim the good news in sprawling cities and remote villages , in jungles and on mountains .
The prophecy foretells that when this work is completed to God’s satisfaction , “ the end will come . ”
What will that mean ?
It will mean the end of human rule and the dawn of rule by God’s Kingdom .
What promises will come true under God’s Kingdom ?
Read on to find out .
See the article “ A Silent Witness to Accurate Prophecy . ”
IN CENTRAL ROME , ITALY , STANDS A TRIUMPHAL ARCH THAT ATTRACTS VISITORS FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD .
THE ARCH HONORS ONE OF ROME’S FAVORITE EMPERORS ​ — TITUS .

The Arch of Titus has two large reliefs depicting a well - known historical event .
Less well - known , though , is the fascinating link between the arch and the Bible ​ — the Arch of Titus bears silent witness to the remarkable accuracy of Bible prophecy .
Early in the first century C.E . , the Roman Empire stretched from Britain and Gaul ( now France ) to Egypt , and the region enjoyed unprecedented stability and prosperity .
But one remote area was a source of constant frustration for Rome ​ — the restless province of Judea .
The Encyclopedia of Ancient Rome states : “ Few territories under Rome’s control were marked by such intense dislike , on both sides , as Judaea .
The Jews resented foreign masters who cared nothing for their traditions , and the Romans found Jewish stubbornness cause for severe intolerance . ”
Many Jews hoped that a political messiah would expel the hated Romans and restore a golden era to Israel .
But in 33 C.E . , Jesus Christ declared that Jerusalem faced a coming catastrophe .
Jesus said : “ The days will come upon you when your enemies will build around you a fortification of pointed stakes and will encircle you and besiege you from every side . They will dash you and your children within you to the ground , and they will not leave a stone upon a stone in you . ” ​ — Luke 19 : 43 , 44 .
Jesus ’ words evidently puzzled his disciples .
Two days later , on viewing Jerusalem’s temple , one of them exclaimed : “ Teacher , see ! what wonderful stones and buildings ! ”
Indeed , some temple stones were reportedly over 35 feet ( 11 m ) long , 15 feet ( 5 m ) wide , and 10 feet ( 3 m ) high !
Yet , Jesus replied : “ As for these things that you now see , the days will come when not a stone will be left upon a stone and not be thrown down . ” ​ — Mark 13 : 1 ; Luke 21 : 6 .
Jesus further told them : “ When you see Jerusalem surrounded by encamped armies , then know that the desolating of her has drawn near .
Then let those in Judea begin fleeing to the mountains , let those in the midst of her leave , and let those in the countryside not enter into her . ”
Did Jesus ’ words come true ?
Thirty - three years passed , and Judea still chafed under the Roman yoke .
But in 66 C.E . when the Roman procurator of Judea , Gessius Florus , seized funds from the sacred temple treasury , the enraged Jews had had enough .
Soon , Jewish fighters swarmed into Jerusalem , slaughtered the local Roman garrison , and declared their independence from Rome .
About three months later , over 30,000 Roman troops , led by Cestius Gallus , advanced on Jerusalem to crush the rebellion .
The Romans quickly penetrated the city and undermined the outer wall of the temple area .
Then , for no apparent reason , they retreated .
The Jewish rebels rejoiced and promptly gave chase .
With the warring parties away , the Christians , heeding Jesus ’ warning , fled from Jerusalem to the mountains beyond the Jordan River . ​ — Matthew 24 : 15 , 16 .
The following year , Rome renewed its campaign against Judea , headed by General Vespasian and his son Titus .
However , soon after Emperor Nero died in 68 C.E . , Vespasian returned to Rome to assume the throne , leaving the Judean campaign to his son Titus with an army of some 60,000 .
In June 70 C.E . , Titus ordered his soldiers to strip the Judean countryside of trees , which were used in building a 4.5 - mile - long ( 7 km ) wall of pointed stakes around Jerusalem .
By September , the Romans had plundered and burned the city and its temple and had torn them apart stone by stone , just as Jesus had earlier foretold .
According to a conservative estimate , “ between a quarter and a half million people perished in Jerusalem and the rest of the country . ”
In 71 C.E . , Titus returned to Italy to a rapturous reception from the citizens of Rome .
The whole city turned out to celebrate one of the greatest triumphal processions ever staged in the capital .
The crowds marveled as untold wealth paraded through Rome’s streets .
They feasted their eyes on captured ships , massive floats depicting battle scenes from the war , and items plundered from Jerusalem’s temple .
Titus succeeded his father Vespasian as emperor in 79 C.E .
But just two years later , Titus died unexpectedly .
Domitian , his brother , took the throne and promptly erected a triumphal arch in Titus ’ honor .
The Arch of Titus in Rome today
Today the Arch of Titus is much admired by the hundreds of thousands of people each year who visit the Roman Forum .
Some view the arch as a majestic work of art , others as a tribute to imperial Roman power , and yet others as an epitaph to fallen Jerusalem and its temple .
Careful readers of the Bible , however , view the Arch of Titus as having even greater significance .
It is a silent witness that confirms the reliability and accuracy of Bible prophecies and establishes that they are inspired by God . ​ — 2 Peter 1 : 19 - 21 .
The good news of God’s Kingdom is being preached in all the earth , just as Jesus prophesied .
The Bible book of Daniel tells us that this Kingdom is a government by God .
Chapter 2 of that book contains a prophecy that traces the progression of certain dominant human governments , or kingdoms , from ancient Babylon down to our day .
Foretelling what lies ahead , verse 44 says this :
“ The God of heaven will set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed . And this kingdom will not be passed on to any other people .
It will crush and put an end to all these kingdoms , and it alone will stand forever . ”
This and other Bible prophecies foretell that God’s Kingdom will replace all human rule and bring stability and order to people on earth .
What will life be like under the Kingdom ?
Here are some marvelous promises that will soon come true .
NO MORE WAR
Psalm 46 : 9 : “ [ God ] is bringing an end to wars throughout the earth . He breaks the bow and shatters the spear ; he burns the military wagons with fire . ”
Imagine what the world would be like if all the money and expertise that is now being spent to create weapons were channeled into areas that would benefit people rather than kill them !
That promise will become a reality under God’s Kingdom .
NO MORE SICKNESS
Isaiah 33 : 24 : “ No resident will say : ‘ I am sick . ’ ”
Think about a world in which no one will suffer from heart disease , cancer , malaria , or any other ailment .
Gone will be the need for hospitals and medications .
Perfect health ​ — that is the future for earth’s inhabitants .
NO MORE FOOD SHORTAGE
Psalm 72 : 16 : “ There will be an abundance of grain on the earth ; on the top of the mountains it will overflow . ”
The earth will produce enough food for everyone , and all will have access to it .
Hunger and malnutrition will be no more .
NO MORE PAIN , SORROW , AND DEATH
Revelation 21 : 4 : “ [ God ] will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore .
The former things have passed away . ” That will mean life without end in perfection on a paradise earth !
That is what our loving Creator , Jehovah God , has promised .
Does all of this sound too good to be true ?
Though most people would readily agree that life as promised and described in the Bible is truly desirable , for various reasons many find the idea of living forever difficult to comprehend .
That is not surprising , for no fellow human has ever experienced life like that to tell us about it .
Humankind has been enslaved by sin and death and has labored under the burden of pain , suffering , and adversity for so long that many people have come to accept this way of life as normal or natural .
But that is far from what our Creator , Jehovah God , purposed for mankind .
To help us appreciate the certainty of all that he has promised , God said emphatically regarding his word : “ It will not return to me without results , but it will certainly accomplish whatever is my delight , and it will have sure success in what I send it to do . ” ​ — Isaiah 55 : 11 .
Jehovah is described in the Bible as the God “ who cannot lie . ”
Since he has promised all these wonderful things for the future , it would be prudent on our part to consider : Is it really possible for humans to live forever in the promised earthly Paradise ?
What must we do to benefit from God’s promise ?
In the following pages of this publication , you will find helpful information that answers those questions .
WHAT AN AMAZING PROSPECT !
Our Creator has promised to give us everlasting life , right here on earth .
Many , however , find that difficult to believe .
‘ Everyone has to die sometime , ’ they say .
‘ It is part of a natural cycle of life and death . ’
Others feel that living forever is possible , but not here on earth .
They say that everlasting life is attained only after you die and go to heaven .
What do you think ?
Before you decide , why not consider the Bible’s answer to these three questions : What does the way man was made show as to how long he was meant to live ?
What was God’s original purpose for the earth and for mankind ?
How did death come upon the human family ?
Of all the forms of life that God has created on earth , humans are truly unique .
How so ?
The Bible indicates that humans alone were created in God’s “ image ” and “ likeness . ”
What does that mean ?
It means that humankind was given characteristics and qualities that mirrored God’s own , such as love and a sense of justice .
In addition , humans were endowed with thinking and reasoning abilities , coupled with moral and spiritual capacities .
That is why we can appreciate the grandeur of the universe and the wonders of nature , as well as art , music , and poetry .
Above all , mankind has the unique capacity to worship the Creator .
Such attributes put an immeasurable gulf between humans and all other living creatures on earth .
Thus , consider : Would God have given humans such remarkable qualities , along with a seemingly limitless potential to develop and enhance them , if he meant for us to live only a few short years ?
The truth is that God gave humans these unique qualities and abilities so that we could enjoy life right here on earth forever .
Some say , however , that God never meant for humans to live on earth forever .
They maintain that the earth was designed to be a temporary home , a testing ground to see which members of the human family deserve to go to heaven and live eternally with God .
But if that were true , would it not , in effect , make God responsible for all the evil and badness that fill the earth ?
That would be in direct contradiction to the very nature of God .
About him , the Bible says : “ For all his ways are justice . A God of faithfulness who is never unjust ; righteous and upright is he . ” ​ — Deuteronomy 32 : 4 .
The Bible clearly reveals God’s original purpose for the earth in these words : “ As for the heavens , they belong to Jehovah , but the earth he has given to the sons of men . ”
Yes , God created the earth to be a beautiful , permanent home for mankind , and he filled it with everything we need to enjoy meaningful , endless life . ​ — Genesis 2 : 8 , 9 .
“ As for the heavens , they belong to Jehovah , but the earth he has given to the sons of men . ” ​ — Psalm 115 : 16
The Bible is also clear regarding God’s purpose for mankind .
He commissioned the first human couple to “ fill the earth and subdue it , and have in subjection . . . every living creature that is moving on the earth . ”
What a privilege for them to care for and expand their Paradise home earth wide !
Indeed , the prospect that awaited Adam and Eve and their eventual offspring was everlasting life on earth , not a reward in heaven .
Why , then , do we die ?
The Bible shows that one of God’s spirit creatures , later identified as the rebel Satan the Devil , tried to sabotage God’s arrangements in Eden .
How ?
Satan induced our first parents , Adam and Eve , to join him in rebellion against God .
When Satan claimed that God was withholding something good from them ​ — the right to determine for themselves what is right and what is wrong — ​ they went along with Satan and turned their backs on God .
The result ?
In time , they died , just as God had warned .
They lost the prospect of living forever in Paradise on earth . ​ — Genesis 2 : 17 ; 3 : 1 - 6 ; 5 : 5 .
Adam and Eve’s rebellion has affected all humans down to this day .
God’s Word says : “ Through one man [ Adam ] sin entered into the world and death through sin , and so death spread to all men . ”
We die because we inherited sin and death from our original parents , not because of some predetermined , unfathomable ‘ plan ’ of God .
The rebellion in Eden did not thwart God’s original purpose for mankind and the earth .
God’s perfect love and sense of justice moved him to provide a way to free us from the bondage of inherited sin and death .
The apostle Paul explained : “ The wages sin pays is death , but the gift God gives is everlasting life by Christ Jesus our Lord . ”
Lovingly , God “ gave his only - begotten Son [ Jesus Christ ] , so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life . ”
By offering himself willingly as a ransom sacrifice , Jesus redeemed all that was lost through Adam .
*
Soon , God’s promise of an earthly paradise will become a reality .
This wonderful future can be yours if you take to heart Jesus ’ admonition : “ Go in through the narrow gate , because broad is the gate and spacious is the road leading off into destruction , and many are going in through it ; whereas narrow is the gate and cramped the road leading off into life , and few are finding it . ”
Yes , your future is in your own hands .


What will you do ?
For more information on what the ransom can do for you , see chapter 5 of the book What Can the Bible Teach Us ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses and available online at www.jw.org .
DO YOU HAVE ANY REAL CHOICE IN WHAT YOUR FUTURE WILL BE ?
Some people believe that fate or predestination , not personal choice , controls their life .
When they fail to reach certain goals , they simply shrug it off as inevitable .
“ It was never meant to be ! ”
they say . Others become disillusioned when they see no way out of this oppressive and unjust world in which we live .
They may have tried to make their lives better ​ — only to see things like war , crime , natural disasters , and sickness wreck their plans time and again .
‘ Why bother ? ’
they ask themselves . It is true that circumstances in life can seriously affect your plans .
However , when it comes to your ultimate destiny , you do have a very real choice .
In fact , the Bible shows that your future depends on your choice .
Consider what it says .
Moses , the leader of the ancient nation of Israel , told the people as they were about to enter the Promised Land : “ I have put life and death before you , the blessing and the curse ; and you must choose life so that you may live , you and your descendants , by loving Jehovah your God , by listening to his voice , and by sticking to him . ” ​ — Deuteronomy 30 : 15 , 19 , 20 .
“ I have put life and death before you , the blessing and the curse ; and you must choose life . ” ​ — Deuteronomy 30 : 19
Yes !
God delivered the Israelites from slavery in Egypt and put before them the prospect of a free and happy life in the Promised Land .
But all that would not come upon them automatically .
To gain those blessings , they had to “ choose life . ”
How ?
‘ By loving God , by listening to his voice , and by sticking to him . ’
Today , a similar choice is before you , and how you choose will determine what your future will be .
By choosing to love God , to listen to his voice , and to stick to him , you will in effect be choosing life ​ — life everlasting on a paradise earth .
But what is involved in each of those steps ?
Love is God’s primary attribute .
“ God is love , ” wrote the apostle John under inspiration .
For this reason , when asked what is the greatest of all commandments , Jesus said : “ You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind . ”
A real relationship with Jehovah God must be based , not on fear or blind obedience , but on love .
Why , though , should we choose to love him ?
Jehovah’s love for mankind is like that of loving parents for their children .
Though imperfect , loving parents instruct , encourage , support , and discipline their children because they want them to be happy and to flourish .
What do parents desire in return ?
They want their children to love them and to take to heart what they as parents have imparted to them for their good .
Is it not reasonable that our perfect heavenly Father expects us to show loving appreciation for all that he has done for us ?
In the original language of the Bible , the word “ listen ” often carries the sense of “ obey . ”
Is this not what we mean when we say to a child , “ Listen to your parents ” ?
Thus , to listen to God’s voice implies learning and obeying what he says .
Since we cannot literally hear God’s voice , we listen to him by reading and applying what is in his Word , the Bible . ​ — 1 John 5 : 3 .
To show the importance of listening to God’s voice , on one occasion Jesus said : “ Man must live , not on bread alone , but on every word that comes from Jehovah’s mouth . ”
As important as physical food is to us , taking in knowledge of God is , in fact , even more so .
Why ?
Wise King Solomon explained : “ Wisdom is a protection just as money is a protection , but the advantage of knowledge is this : Wisdom preserves the life of its owner . ”
Knowledge and wisdom from God can protect us today and help us to make the wise choice that leads to everlasting life in the future .
Recall Jesus ’ illustration that we considered in the preceding article , in which he said : “ Narrow is the gate and cramped the road leading off into life , and few are finding it . ”
Traveling on such a road , we would surely benefit from having and staying close to an expert guide if we wanted to reach the destination ​ — life everlasting .
Thus , there is good reason for us to stay close to God .
How , though , do we do that ?
Every day , there are many things that we must do and many more that we would like to do .
Such things can keep us so occupied or distracted that we have little or no time to consider what God wants us to do .
That is why the Bible reminds us : “ Keep strict watch that how you walk is not as unwise but as wise persons , making the best use of your time , because the days are wicked . ”
We stay close to God by making our relationship with him the most important thing in our life . ​ — Matthew 6 : 33 .
Though there is nothing you can do to change your past , you can choose to secure a fine future for yourself and your loved ones .
The Bible reveals that our heavenly Father , Jehovah God , deeply loves us and that he lets us know what he would like to see us do .
Note the words of the prophet Micah :
“ He has told you , O man , what is good .
And what is Jehovah requiring of you ? Only to exercise justice , to cherish loyalty , and to walk in modesty with your God ! ” ​ — Micah 6 : 8 .
Will you accept Jehovah’s invitation to walk with him and gain the eternal blessings he has in store for those who do ?
The choice is yours !
Most of us have seen justice perverted and good , innocent people oppressed by evil ones .
Will the time ever come when injustice and wickedness will be no more ?
Psalm 37 in the Bible offers the answer , along with guidance for us now .
Note what it says on the following important questions .
How should we react to those who oppress us ? ​ — Verses 1 , 2 .
What will become of wicked people ? ​ — Verse 10 .
What is the future for those who do what is right ? ​ — Verses 11 , 29 .
What should we do now ? ​ — Verse 34 .
The inspired words of Psalm 37 clearly point to a bright future for those who “ hope in Jehovah and follow his way . ”
Jehovah’s Witnesses would be happy to assist you to study the Bible and to learn how you can secure that future for yourself and your loved ones .
For more information about God’s purpose for mankind and the earth , see chapter 3 of this book , What Can the Bible Teach Us ? published by Jehovah’s Witnesses . Also available at www.jw.org
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
Cover image depicts a refugee fleeing a natural disaster This publication is not for sale .
It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
THIS MAGAZINE , The Watchtower , honors Jehovah God , the Ruler of the universe .
It comforts people with the good news that God’s heavenly Kingdom will soon end all wickedness and transform the earth into a paradise .
It promotes faith in Jesus Christ , who died so that we might gain everlasting life and who is now ruling as King of God’s Kingdom .
This magazine has been published continuously since 1879 and is nonpolitical .
It adheres to the Bible as its authority .
3 “ Where Was God ? ”
4 Does God Notice You ?
6 Does God Understand You ?
8 Does God Have Empathy ?
10 Suffering ​ — Is It Punishment From God ?
12 Who Is to Blame ?
13 God Will Soon End All Suffering
14 How God’s Care Can Benefit You
16 How Does God Feel About Your Suffering ?
When disaster strikes or people suffer and die , we may wonder whether God sees it or cares about it .
The Bible states :
“ For the eyes of Jehovah are on the righteous , and his ears listen to their supplication , but the face of Jehovah is against those doing bad things . ” ​ — 1 Peter 3 : 12 .
This issue of The Watchtower shows how God helps us and what he is doing to remove all suffering .
“ CONSTANTLY THE QUESTION COMES UP : WHERE WAS GOD ? ” ​ — Pope Benedict XVI , while visiting the former concentration camp at Auschwitz , Poland .
WHEN TRAGEDIES STRIKE , DO YOU EVER WONDER , ‘ WHERE WAS GOD ? ’
OR IN YOUR OWN LIFE , HAS A TRAUMATIC EVENT MADE YOU QUESTION WHETHER GOD CARES ABOUT YOU PERSONALLY ?
Perhaps you feel as did Sheila , who lives in the United States .
Raised in a deeply religious family , she says : “ From childhood on , I was drawn to God because he is our Maker .
Yet , I never felt close to him .
I thought he was watching me , but only from a distance .
I didn’t feel that God hated me , but neither did I believe that he cared for me . ”
Why did Sheila have doubts ?
She explains : “ My family faced one tragedy after another , and it seemed that God wasn’t helping us at all . ”
Like Sheila , you may feel sure that Almighty God exists .
Yet , you may wonder whether he really cares about you .
The righteous man Job , who had faith in the power and wisdom of the Creator , had similar doubts .
After Job was pummeled by one tragedy after another ​ — with no relief in sight — ​ he asked God : “ Why do you hide your face and consider me your enemy ? ” ​ — Job 13 : 24 .
What does the Bible say ?
Is God to blame when tragedy strikes ?
Is there any evidence that God cares about humans in general and about each one of us individually ?
On a personal level , can any of us really know whether he notices us , understands us , empathizes with us , or helps us with our problems ?
In the following articles , we will consider what creation teaches us about God’s care for us .
Then , we will analyze what the Bible reveals about God’s care .
The more you “ come to know him ” through his creation and his Word , the more you will have the assurance that “ he cares for you . ” ​ — 1 John 2 : 3 ; 1 Peter 5 : 7 .
“ You are worth more . ” ​ — MATTHEW 10 : 31
The first 60 minutes of a baby’s life outside the womb is a crucial period of adjustment .
Why ?
Because mothers who bond with their newborn babies during this critical time dramatically improve the growth and development of their children .
*
What prompts a mother to care tenderly for her newborn baby ?
Professor Jeannette Crenshaw explains in The Journal of Perinatal Education that an elevated level of the hormone oxytocin “ stimulates mothering feelings after birth as a mother touches , gazes at , and breastfeeds her newborn . ”
Another hormone released at this time “ helps a mother respond to her baby ” and reinforces her interaction with her baby .
Why is that significant ?
The close bond between mother and baby was designed by our loving Creator , Jehovah God .
* King David credited God with bringing him “ out of the womb ” and making him feel secure in his mother’s embrace .
He prayed : “ I have been entrusted to your care from birth ; from my mother’s womb , you have been my God . ” ​ — Psalm 22 : 9 , 10 .
CONSIDER : If God created such a complex system to ensure that a human mother will tenderly observe her baby and respond to the infant’s needs , does it not seem logical that God also takes a personal interest in us , “ the children of God ” ? ​ — Acts 17 : 29 .
Jesus Christ , who knows the Creator better than anyone else , taught : “ Two sparrows sell for a coin of small value , do they not ?
Yet not one of them will fall to the ground without your Father’s knowledge .
But even the hairs of your head are all numbered .
So have no fear ; you are worth more than many sparrows . ” ​ — Matthew 10 : 29 - 31 .
Few of us pay attention to every small bird we see , let alone notice when one of them falls to the ground .
But our heavenly Father notices each one of them !
And birds ​ — even many birds — ​ are never worth more to him than a human .
The lesson , therefore , is clear : You should “ have no fear ” that God does not notice you .
On the contrary , he is deeply interested in you !
God is keenly interested in our welfare and watches over us with loving concern
The Scriptures assure us
“ The eyes of Jehovah are everywhere , watching both the bad and the good . ” ​ — PROVERBS 15 : 3 .
“ The eyes of Jehovah are on the righteous , and his ears listen to their cry for help . ” ​ — PSALM 34 : 15 .
“ I will rejoice greatly in your loyal love , for you have seen my affliction ; you are aware of my deep distress . ” ​ — PSALM 31 : 7 .
Can it make a difference in our life if we know that God is keenly interested in our welfare and watches over us with loving concern ?
It most certainly can , as Hannah , * from England , explains :
“ Many , many times I felt that Jehovah did not love me and that my prayers were not being answered .
I thought it was because of a lack of faith on my part .
I felt that I was being punished or ignored because I wasn’t important .
I felt that God didn’t care . ”
However , Hannah no longer doubts Jehovah’s attention and love .
What changed how she felt ?
“ It was a gradual change , ” she explains .
“ I remember one Bible talk many years ago about Jesus ’ ransom sacrifice that had a profound effect on me and helped me feel reassured of Jehovah’s love .
And when my prayers have been answered , I have often burst into tears because I realized that Jehovah does love me after all .
Also , by studying the Bible and attending Christian meetings , I have learned more about Jehovah , his personality , and the way he feels about us .
Now I see clearly Jehovah’s backing and love for us all and his willing desire to look after us individually . ”
What Hannah says is encouraging .
But how can you be sure that God understands and remembers your feelings ?
The following article will examine this question .
Some mothers who suffer from postpartum depression may have difficulty bonding with their baby .
However , they should not feel that they are to blame .
According to the U.S .
National Institute of Mental Health , postpartum depression “ likely results from a combination of physical and emotional factors . . . but does not occur because of something a mother does or does not do . ”
For more information on this subject , see the article “ Understanding Postpartum Depression ” in the June 8 , 2003 , issue of Awake !
Jehovah is God’s name as revealed in the Bible . ​ — Psalm 83 : 18 .
Some of the names in this series of articles have been changed .
“ Your eyes even saw me as an embryo . ” ​ — PSALM 139 : 16
Reflect on one of the closest relationships humans can have ​ — that of identical twins .
They share an especially intimate bond .
Some twins even “ know what it’s like to say something to someone who understands exactly what they mean without explanation , ” says Nancy Segal , director of the Twin Studies Center and a twin herself .
One woman described the relationship between her and her identical twin this way : “ We just know everything about each other . ”
What accounts for this unique understanding ?
Studies suggest that while environment and parenting are factors , the especially similar genetic makeup of identical twins seems to play a critical role .
CONSIDER : The Creator of all this awesome genetic material surely has a unique understanding of the makeup of every one of us .
Indeed , the psalmist David declared : “ You kept me screened off in my mother’s womb . My bones were not hidden from you when I was made in secret . . . .
Your eyes even saw me as an embryo ; all its parts were written in your book . ”
God alone knows and can fully understand not only our genetic makeup but also all the events in our life that have shaped us .
God’s unique knowledge of us and our genetic makeup assures us that he does indeed understand us in every detail .
David prayed : “ O Jehovah , you have searched through me , and you know me .
You know when I sit down and when I rise up . You discern my thoughts from afar .
There is not a word on my tongue , but look ! O Jehovah , you already know it well . ”
In addition , Jehovah is aware of our innermost feelings and even “ discerns every inclination of the thoughts . ”
What do these verses reveal about God ?
Even though we may not vocalize all our prayerful thoughts and feelings , our Creator not only observes what we do but also understands why we do it .
Moreover , he understands the good we would like to do , even if our limitations prevent us from carrying out our heartfelt desire .
Surely , because God put love in our hearts in the first place , he is willing ​ — even eager — ​ to observe and understand our loving thoughts and motives . ​ — 1 John 4 : 7 - 10 .
Absolutely nothing escapes God’s notice .
He is even aware of our sufferings when others may not be aware of them or fully understand them
The Scriptures assure us
“ The eyes of Jehovah are on the righteous , and his ears listen to their supplication . ” ​ — 1 PETER 3 : 12 .
God promises : “ I will give you insight and instruct you in the way you should go . I will give you advice with my eye upon you . ” ​ — PSALM 32 : 8 .
Can knowing that God understands our situation and feelings help us deal with adversity ?
Consider what happened to Anna , from Nigeria .
“ I questioned whether life was worth living because of my desperate circumstances , ” she explains . “ I was a widow caring for my daughter , who was in the hospital with hydrocephalus ( excessive fluid in the brain ) , when I was diagnosed with breast cancer and had to have surgery , chemotherapy , and radiotherapy .
It was extremely difficult for me to handle being in the hospital at the same time that my ailing daughter was . ”
What helped Anna to cope ?
“ I pondered over scriptures such as Philippians 4 : 6 , 7 , which says that ‘ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and your mental powers . ’
Each time this scripture came to mind , I felt a close personal bond with Jehovah , knowing that he understands me better than I understand myself .
I also received much encouragement from my beloved spiritual brothers and sisters in the Christian congregation .
“ Even though I still struggle with my health , my situation and that of my daughter have improved .
Because we have Jehovah on our side , we have learned not to think negatively when we face challenges .
James 5 : 11 assures us : ‘ We consider happy those who have endured . You have heard of the endurance of Job and have seen the outcome Jehovah gave , that Jehovah is very tender in affection [ or , “ very compassionate , ” footnote ] and merciful . ’ ”
Jehovah understood Job’s situation perfectly , and we can be sure that he likewise understands any difficulties we go through .
Empathy is defined as “ the ability to share someone else’s feelings or experiences by imagining what it would be like to be in that person’s situation . ”
Mental - health expert Dr .
Rick Hanson states that “ empathy is in our bones . ”
CONSIDER : Why are we endowed with empathy , a quality unmatched in any other species ?
The Bible explains that God created humankind in his image .
We are made in the image of God in that we can reflect his personality and thus display a measure of his fine qualities .
Hence , when empathy moves caring people to help others , they mirror the empathy of their compassionate Creator , Jehovah God . ​ — Proverbs 14 : 31 .
God has empathy for us and hates to see us suffer .
Regarding the people of ancient Israel who endured harsh slavery in Egypt followed by 40 difficult years in the wilderness the Bible says : “ During all their distress it was distressing to him . ”
Note that God was not merely aware of their distress .
He could feel their pain .
“ I well know the pains they suffer , ” he stated .
“ Whoever touches you , ” says God , “ touches the pupil of my eye . ”
When others hurt us , his heart aches with ours .
The Bible assures us that even though we may feel self - condemned and unworthy of God’s empathy , “ God is greater than our hearts and knows all things . ”
God knows us better than we know ourselves .
He is fully aware of all our circumstances , thoughts , and feelings .
He has empathy for us .
We can look to God for comfort , wisdom , and support , knowing that he comes to the aid of those who are distressed
The Scriptures assure us
“ You will call , and Jehovah will answer ; you will cry for help , and he will say , ‘ Here I am ! ’ ” ​ — ISAIAH 58 : 9 .
“ ‘ For I well know the thoughts that I am thinking toward you , ’ declares Jehovah , ‘ thoughts of peace , and not of calamity , to give you a future and a hope .
And you will call me and come and pray to me , and I will listen to you . ’ ” ​ — JEREMIAH 29 : 11 , 12 .
“ Do collect my tears in your skin bottle .
Are they not recorded in your book ? ” ​ — PSALM 56 : 8 .
Can knowing that God has empathy for us help us deal with adversity ?
Consider Maria’s experience :
“ I felt that life was hard and unjust after I experienced the immense pain of losing my 18 - year - old son following his two - year battle with cancer .
I was angry with Jehovah for not intervening and curing him !
“ Six years later , a loving and compassionate friend in the congregation listened as I expressed my feeling that Jehovah did not love me .
After listening to me for hours without interrupting , she quoted a verse that moved me .
It was 1 John 3 : 19 , 20 , which says : ‘ God is greater than our hearts and knows all things . ’
She explained that Jehovah understands our distress .
“ Despite this , it was hard for me to let go of my anger !
Then I read Psalm 94 : 19 , which says : ‘ When anxieties overwhelmed me , you comforted and soothed me . ’
I felt as if the verses were written just for me !
Eventually , I found it very soothing to be able to talk to Jehovah about my distress , knowing that he listens and understands . ”
How comforting it is to know that God understands and feels for us !
But why , then , is there so much suffering ?
Is it because God is punishing us for wrongdoing ?
Will God do anything to end all suffering ?
These matters will be addressed in the following articles .
LUZIA LIMPS ON HER LEFT LEG .
As a small child , she contracted poliomyelitis , a highly contagious disease that attacks the body’s nervous system .
When she was 16 , a lady whom Luzia worked for told her , “ God punished you with paralysis because you were disobedient and nasty to your mother . ”
Years later , Luzia still remembers how devastated she felt .
WHEN DAMARIS LEARNED THAT SHE HAD BRAIN CANCER , her father asked her : “ What have you done for this to happen to you ?
You must have done something very bad .
That is why God is punishing you . ”
Damaris ’ spirit was crushed by his comment .
The thought that sickness is punishment from God has a long history .
The book Manners and Customs of Bible Lands says that many in Christ’s time believed that “ sickness was caused by either the sin of the sick person , or of his relations , and that it was sent as punishment for that sin . ”
Medieval Medicine and the Plague says that in the Middle Ages “ some people believed that God brought plagues to punish them for their sins . ”
So when millions throughout Europe died from the plague in the 14th century , was God executing judgment on wicked people ?
Or was the plague simply caused by a bacterial infection , as medical researchers have since determined ?
Some may wonder , does God really use sickness to make people suffer for their sins ?
*
CONSIDER : Why would Jesus heal people who were sick if sickness and suffering were deserved punishments from God ?
Would that not amount to undermining God’s justice and righteousness ?
Jesus would never counteract God’s actions .
He said : “ I always do the things pleasing to him ” and , “ I am doing just as the Father has commanded me to do . ” ​ — John 8 : 29 ; 14 : 31 .
The Bible is clear . Jehovah God “ is never unjust . ”
For example , God would never cause an airplane disaster , killing hundreds of innocent people , because he wanted to punish someone on board !
In harmony with God’s righteousness , Abraham , a faithful servant of God , said that God would never “ sweep away the righteous with the wicked . ”
That would be “ unthinkable , ” he said .
The Bible also says that “ God does not act wickedly ” ; he does not “ do wrong . ” ​ — Job 34 : 10 - 12 .
The suffering we encounter is not divine punishment for a specific sin .
Jesus himself was very clear on this matter when he and his disciples saw a man who had been blind from birth .
“ His disciples asked him : ‘ Rabbi , who sinned , this man or his parents , so that he was born blind ? ’
Jesus answered : ‘ Neither this man sinned nor his parents , but it was so that the works of God might be made manifest in his case . ’ ” ​ — John 9 : 1 - 3 .
In view of prevailing misconceptions , Jesus ’ disciples must have been surprised when he told them that neither the man nor his parents had sinned in a way that brought on misfortune .
Not only did Jesus cure the man’s blindness but by so doing he overturned the erroneous belief that suffering is punishment from God .
Those who suffer from serious health problems today can find comfort in knowing that God is not the cause of their affliction .
Why would Jesus heal sick people if God was punishing them for wrongdoing ?
The Scriptures assure us
“ With evil things God cannot be tried , nor does he himself try anyone . ”
Indeed , the “ evil things ” that have plagued mankind for centuries , including sickness , pain , and death , will soon be eliminated .
Jesus Christ “ cured all who were suffering . ”
In healing all who came to him , God’s Son demonstrated what God’s Kingdom will accomplish on a worldwide scale .
“ He [ God ] will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore .
The former things have passed away . ” ​ — REVELATION 21 : 3 - 5 .
Why , then , does mankind experience so much pain and suffering ?
Mankind has been pondering that question for centuries .
If God is not to blame , who is responsible ?
The answers to those questions will be discussed in the next article .
Although there have been times in the past when God has punished people for specific sins , the Bible does not indicate that Jehovah is now using such things as sickness or tragedies to punish people for their sins .
If suffering is not from God , what accounts for mass starvation , grinding poverty , brutal warfare , crippling diseases , and natural disasters ?
God’s Word , the Bible , reveals three main causes for mankind’s suffering :
Selfishness , Greed , and Hatred .
“ Man has dominated man to his harm . ”
People often suffer because they are victimized by imperfect , selfish , or cruel humans .
Time and Unforeseen Events .
Humans often suffer “ because time and unexpected events overtake them . ”
That is , people are simply at the wrong place at the wrong time , accidents occur , or people are careless or make mistakes .
The Evil Ruler of the World .
The Bible clearly identifies the primary cause of human suffering .
It states : “ The whole world is lying in the power of the wicked one . ”
That “ wicked one ” is Satan the Devil , a powerful spirit creature who was originally an angel of God but “ did not stand fast in the truth . ”
Other spirit creatures joined Satan and rebelled against God in order to pursue selfish desires , thus making themselves demons .
Ever since their rebellion , Satan and his demons have exerted a powerful and cruel influence over this world’s affairs .
This has been particularly so in our time .
Now , the Devil has great anger and “ is misleading the entire inhabited earth , ” which has resulted in “ woe for the earth . ”
Indeed , Satan is a brutal dictator .
He gets perverse satisfaction from human suffering .
It is Satan ​ — not God — ​ who causes people to suffer .
CONSIDER : Only a heartless , diabolical evildoer would cause innocent people to suffer .
By contrast , the Bible says : “ God is love . ”
In harmony with his loving personality , “ it is unthinkable for the true God to act wickedly , for the Almighty to do wrong ! ” ​ — Job 34 : 10 .
However , you may naturally wonder , ‘ How long will Almighty God permit Satan to continue his heinous rule ? ’
As we have seen , God abhors wickedness and our suffering causes him great pain .
Furthermore , his Word urges : “ Throw all your anxiety on him , because he cares for you . ”
God loves us and has the power to remove all suffering and injustice , as the following article will explain .
*
For a detailed explanation of why God has allowed suffering , see chapter 11 of the book What Can the Bible Teach Us ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses and available for free download at www.jw.org .
“ How long , O Jehovah , must I cry for help , but you do not hear ?
How long must I ask for help from violence , but you do not intervene ? ”
These are the words of Habakkuk , a good man who enjoyed God’s favor .
Did his plea indicate a lack of faith ?
By no means !
God reassured Habakkuk that He had an appointed time to bring an end to suffering . ​ — Habakkuk 2 : 2 , 3 .
When you or someone close to you is suffering , it is easy to conclude that God is slow to act , that he should have intervened by now .
Yet , the Bible assures us : “ Jehovah is not slow concerning his promise , as some people consider slowness , but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance . ” ​ — 2 Peter 3 : 9 .
Very soon !
Jesus revealed that a particular generation would witness a unique combination of conditions that would mark the last days of a “ system of things . ”
The fulfillment of Jesus ’ prophecy in our day indicates that God’s intervention in human affairs is imminent .
*
But how will God bring an end to all suffering ?
When Jesus was on the earth , he demonstrated God’s power to alleviate mankind’s suffering .
Consider some examples of this .
Natural Disasters : While Jesus and his apostles were sailing on the Sea of Galilee , a violent windstorm threatened to sink their boat .
But Jesus showed that he and his Father can control the natural elements .
Jesus simply said : “ Hush ! Be quiet ! ”
The result ?
“ The wind abated , and a great calm set in . ” ​ — Mark 4 : 35 - 39 .
Sickness : Jesus was well - known for his ability to heal the blind and the lame , as well as those suffering from epilepsy , leprosy , or any other sort of infirmity .
“ He cured all who were suffering . ” ​ — Matthew 4 : 23 , 24 ; 8 : 16 ; 11 : 2 - 5 .
Food Shortages : Jesus used powers granted to him by his Father to multiply meager food supplies .
It is recorded that twice during his ministry , he fed thousands . ​ — Matthew 14 : 14 - 21 ; 15 : 32 - 38 .
Death : That Jehovah has the power to undo death is clearly shown by the three resurrections Jesus is recorded to have performed .
One of those whom he brought back to life had been dead for four days . ​ — Mark 5 : 35 - 42 ; Luke 7 : 11 - 16 ; John 11 : 3 - 44 .
For more information about the last days , see chapter 9 of the book What Can the Bible Teach Us ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses and available for free download at www.jw.org .
God has created our bodies with the marvelous ability to heal .
When a healthy body is cut , scraped , or punctured , it “ orchestrates a complex cascade of events designed to heal wounds big and small . ”
( Johns Hopkins Medicine ) The body immediately springs into action to stop the bleeding , widen the blood vessels , repair the wound , and strengthen the tissue .
CONSIDER : If the Creator designed our bodies to heal physical wounds , can we not have confidence in his promise to help us recover from emotional injuries too ?
“ He heals the brokenhearted , ” wrote the psalmist . “ He binds up their wounds . ”
But if you suffer from emotional trauma or distress , how can you be sure that Jehovah will bind up your wounds ​ — both now and in the future ?
God promises : “ Do not be afraid , for I am with you .
Do not be anxious , for I am your God . I will fortify you , yes , I will help you . ” A person who knows that Jehovah cares about him has peace of mind and the strength to deal with various trials .
The apostle Paul called this inner calmness “ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding . ”
Paul added : “ For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power . ” ​ — Philippians 4 : 4 - 7 , 9 , 13 .
The Scriptures help us to build faith in Jehovah’s promises for mankind’s future .
For example , Revelation 21 : 4 , 5 tells us what he will do and why we can trust him to do it :
“ He will wipe out every tear ” from people’s eyes .
Jehovah will eliminate all our suffering and anxiety , even concerns that seem insignificant to others .
“ Seated on the throne ” in heavenly glory , the Almighty King of all creation will exercise his power and authority to prevent suffering and to give us the help we need .
Jehovah guarantees that his promises are “ faithful and true . ”
That is , he stakes his reputation as the true God on the fulfillment of his promises .
“ ‘ He will wipe out every tear from their eyes , and death will be no more , neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore .
The former things have passed away . ’ And the One seated on the throne said : ‘ Look !
I am making all things new . ’
Also he says : ‘ Write , for these words are faithful and true . ’ ” ​ — Revelation 21 : 4 , 5 .
Both the physical universe and the Bible reveal the personality and the attributes of our heavenly Father .
While creation represents an implicit invitation to get to know God as an intimate Friend , the Bible makes that invitation explicit , saying : “ Draw close to God , and he will draw close to you . ”
Says Acts 17 : 27 : “ He is not far off from each one of us . ”
As you take the time to know God , you will become increasingly convinced that “ he cares for you . ”
What are the practical benefits of such trust in Jehovah ?
Consider the case of Toru , from Japan .
He was raised by a Christian mother , yet he became involved in the violent world of the yakuza , the Japanese Mafia .
He relates , “ I believed that God hated me , and I felt that the deaths of those around me , especially those who were very dear to me , were a punishment for me . ”
Toru admits that in this destructive environment and frame of mind , he became “ a heartless and unfeeling person . ”
Regarding his ambition , he recalls , “ I wanted to die young after killing someone more famous than me and thus make a name for myself . ”
However , when Toru and his wife , Hannah , studied the Bible , Toru made drastic changes in his life and outlook .
“ I watched my husband change before my very eyes , ” says Hannah .
Now , Toru says with certainty : “ There is a God who really cares about each one of us .
He does not want anyone to die , and he is willing to forgive those who truly repent of their errors .
He listens to things that we can tell no one but him and that no one else would understand .
In the near future , Jehovah will remove all problems , suffering , and agony .
Even now , he helps us in the most unexpected ways .
He cares for us and saves us when we are low . ” ​ — Psalm 136 : 23 .
As Toru’s experience illustrates , knowing that God can ​ — and soon will — ​ eliminate all tragedy and wipe away every tear not only gives us a sure hope for the future but also helps us to live a better life now .
Yes , even in a world saturated with suffering , you can benefit from God’s loving care .
Some people believe that God neither sees suffering nor cares about it .
God both sees and cares
“ Jehovah saw that man’s wickedness was great on the earth . . . , and his heart was saddened . ” ​ — Genesis 6 : 5 , 6 .
God will stop all suffering
“ Just a little while longer , and the wicked will be no more ; you will look at where they were , and they will not be there .
But the meek will possess the earth , and they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace . ” ​ — Psalm 37 : 10 , 11 .
What God wants for you
“ ‘ I well know the thoughts that I am thinking toward you , ’ declares Jehovah , ‘ thoughts of peace , and not of calamity , to give you a future and a hope .
And you will call me and come and pray to me , and I will listen to you . ’ ” ​ — Jeremiah 29 : 11 , 12 .
“ Draw close to God , and he will draw close to you . ” ​ — James 4 : 8 .
To learn more about why God allows suffering , see chapter 11 of this book , What Can the Bible Teach Us ?
published by Jehovah’s Witnesses
Also available at www.jw.org
3 They Offered Themselves Willingly ​ — In Madagascar
7 “ He Gives Power to the Tired One ”
When we feel overwhelmed by the pressures of life , what can we do ?
This article discusses our yeartext for 2018 and shows why we need to give Jehovah the opportunity to strengthen us and how he will do so .

12 Pleasant Unity and the Memorial
The annual observance of the Memorial of Christ’s death will be held on Saturday , March 31 , 2018 .
How can we prepare now for this occasion , how will we benefit from attending it , and how does that annual event contribute to the unity of God’s people everywhere ?
Find the answers in this article .
17 Why Give to the One Who Has Everything ?
All that we have comes from Jehovah .
He still expects us , however , to use our finances to support the work of his organization today .
This article will consider why and how we benefit from honoring Jehovah with our valuable things .
22 What Kind of Love Brings True Happiness ?
27 See the Difference in People
The first of these articles discusses how true happiness comes from loving God and not from the counterfeit types of love so evident in “ the last days . ”
The second article describes how traits that characterize people of the last days stand in sharp contrast with the qualities found among God’s people .
32 Did You Know ?
“ WHEN I listened to the experiences of my friends who served in areas where there was a great need for pioneers , I longed to taste that joy too , ” says Sylviana , a pioneer in her mid - 20 ’ s .
“ But , ” she adds , “ I feared that being a need - greater was beyond my abilities . ”
Can you relate to the feelings expressed by Sylviana ?
Do you too long to serve in a territory where more Kingdom workers are needed , but you wonder whether you will ever reach that goal ?
If that is the case , take heart !
With Jehovah’s help , thousands of brothers and sisters have succeeded in overcoming obstacles that hindered them from expanding their ministry .
To find out how Jehovah opened the way for some of them , we will visit Madagascar , the fourth largest island on earth .
Over the past ten years , more than 70 zealous publishers and pioneers from 11 countries * have come to serve in this fruitful field in Africa , where many people respect the Bible .
Also , numerous local publishers have been willing to move so as to help in spreading the Kingdom message throughout this vast island territory .
Let us get acquainted with some of them .
Perrine and Louis
Louis and Perrine , a couple in their 30 ’ s , moved from France to Madagascar .
For years , they had been thinking about expanding their ministry by moving abroad , but Perrine hesitated to move .
She explains : “ I feared going into the unknown .
I was anxious about leaving behind our family , congregation , apartment , all the familiar places , and our routine .
Really , my own worries were the greatest obstacle I had to overcome . ”
In 2012 , Perrine mustered up the courage , and she and Louis moved .
How does she feel about their decision ?
“ Looking back , I can say that it has been a faith - strengthening experience to see Jehovah’s hand at work in our lives . ”
Adds Louis , “ Imagine , at our first Memorial in Madagascar , ten of our Bible students attended ! ”
What gave the couple the strength to stay in their assignment when problems arose ?
They supplicated Jehovah in prayer to give them the power needed to endure .
Louis relates : “ We experienced that Jehovah answered our prayers and gave us ‘ the peace of God . ’
We were able to focus on the joys that our service was bringing us .
Also , friends from home sent us e - mails and letters to encourage us not to give up . ” ​ — Phil .
4 : 6 , 7 ; 2 Cor .
4 : 7 .
Jehovah richly rewarded the endurance shown by Louis and Perrine .
“ In October 2014 , we attended the Bible School for Christian Couples * in France , ” says Louis .
“ Attending that school was an unforgettable gift from Jehovah . ”
Upon graduating , the couple were delighted to be reassigned to Madagascar .
Nadine and Didier
When Didier and Nadine , a couple from France , moved to Madagascar in 2010 , they were middle - aged .

Didier relates : “ We pioneered when we were younger , and then we raised three children .
When they reached adulthood , we considered the possibility of serving abroad . ”
Nadine admits : “ The thought of being separated from the children made me hesitate , but they told us : ‘ If you move abroad to serve as need - greaters , we will be proud of you ! ’
Their words encouraged us to make the move .
Although we now live far away from our children , we are glad that we are able to have frequent conversations with them . ”
For Didier and Nadine , learning the Malagasy language was a challenge .
“ We’re not 20 - year - olds anymore , ” says Nadine with a smile .
How did they succeed ?
First , they joined a French - speaking congregation .
Later , when they felt ready to tackle the local language , they moved to a Malagasy - speaking congregation .
Says Nadine : “ Many people we meet in the preaching work love to study the Bible .
They often thank us for visiting them .
At first , I thought I was dreaming .
I love pioneering in this territory .
When I get up in the morning , I say to myself , ‘ It’s great ​ — I’m going preaching today ! ’ ”
Didier smiles as he recalls the time when he began to learn Malagasy .
“ I was conducting a congregation meeting but did not understand any of the answers given by the brothers and sisters .
All I could say was , ‘ Thank you . ’ After I thanked one sister for her answer , those seated behind her started gesturing to me to alert me that the answer was not correct .
I quickly called on a brother who gave the right answer ​ — at least , I hope he did . ”
At a convention in 2005 , Thierry and his wife , Nadia , watched the drama “ Pursue Goals That Honor God . ”
That Bible drama about Timothy touched their hearts and deepened their desire to serve where the need for Kingdom workers was greater .
Says Thierry : “ At the conclusion of that drama , while we were applauding , I leaned over to my wife and asked , ‘ Where are we going ? ’
My wife said that she was thinking about the same thing . ”
Soon thereafter , they began to take steps to reach their goal .
Nadia relates , “ Gradually , we downsized our belongings until all we had left fitted into four suitcases ! ”
Far left : Nadia and Marie - Madeleine ; Far right : Thierry
They arrived in Madagascar in 2006 and enjoyed their ministry from the start .
Says Nadia , “ The people we meet give us so much joy . ”
Six years later , though , the couple faced a challenge .
Nadia’s mother , Marie - Madeleine , who lived in France , fell and broke her arm and injured her head .
After the couple had consulted Marie - Madeleine’s doctor , they asked their mother to come and live with them in Madagascar .
Though 80 years of age at the time , she gladly accepted the invitation .
How does she feel about living abroad ?
She says : “ Sometimes it is challenging to adapt , but despite my limited abilities , I feel so useful in the congregation .
And what makes me really happy is that this living arrangement allows my children to continue their fruitful ministry here . ”
Riana giving a talk in the Tandroy language
Riana is a brother in his early 20 ’ s .
He grew up in Alaotra Mangoro , a fertile region in eastern Madagascar .

He did well in school and wanted to pursue higher education .
Yet , after studying the Bible , he changed his mind .
He relates : “ I strove to finish my secondary schooling earlier and promised Jehovah , ‘ If I pass my final exam , I will start pioneering . ’ ”
After graduating , Riana kept his promise .
He moved in with a pioneer brother , got a part - time job , and began to pioneer .

He says , “ It was the best decision I ever made . ”
However , Riana’s relatives did not understand why he did not pursue a secular career .
He relates : “ My father , uncle , and grandaunt all encouraged me to pursue higher education .
But I did not want to stop pioneering for anything . ”
Before long , Riana wanted to serve where the need for workers was greater .
What contributed to that desire ?
He relates : “ Thieves broke into our living quarters and stole many of my belongings .
That burglary made me reflect on Jesus ’ words about storing up ‘ treasures in heaven . ’
I decided to work harder at acquiring spiritual riches . ”
He moved to the southernmost part of the country ​ — a drought - stricken region 800 miles ( 1,300 km ) from where he had been living .
That region is home to the Antandroy people .
Why did he go there ?
A month before the burglary took place , Riana had started a Bible study with two Antandroy men .
He learned some expressions in their language and thought about the many Antandroy people who had not yet been reached with the Kingdom message .
He says , “ I prayed to Jehovah to help me move to the Tandroy - speaking region . ”
Riana moved , and right away he faced an obstacle .
He could not get a job .
One man told him : “ Why did you come here ?
To find jobs , people from this place go to where you came from ! ”
After two weeks , Riana left the area almost penniless to attend a regional convention , wondering what to do .
On the last day of the convention , a brother slipped something into Riana’s coat pocket .
It was a sum of money large enough for him to travel back to the Antandroy area and to start a small business selling yogurt .
Says Riana : “ I felt Jehovah’s helping hand just in time .
I could continue to help those who had not had a chance to learn about Jehovah ! ”
There was also much work to do in the congregation .
Riana adds : “ I was assigned to give a public talk every other week .
Jehovah was training me through his organization . ”
Today , Riana is still sharing the Kingdom message with the many Tandroy - speaking people who want to learn about Jehovah .
Jehovah assures us that “ anyone who seeks a blessing for himself in the earth will be blessed by the God of truth . ”
When we work hard to overcome obstacles to expand our ministry , we do experience Jehovah’s blessing .
Consider Sylviana , mentioned in the introduction to this article .
Remember , she feared that being a need - greater would be beyond her abilities .
Why did she think so ?
She explains : “ My left leg is about three - and - a - half inches ( 9 cm ) shorter than my right leg .
So I walk with a limp and tire out quickly . ”
Sylviana ( left ) and Sylvie Ann ( right ) with Doratine on the day of her baptism
In 2014 , Sylviana nevertheless teamed up with Sylvie Ann , a young pioneer sister in her congregation , and they moved to a small village 53 miles ( 85 km ) from their hometown .
Despite the obstacles , Sylviana’s dream had come true ​ — and what a fine blessing she received !
“ After just one year serving in my new assignment , ” she relates , “ Doratine , a young mother with whom I studied the Bible , got baptized at our circuit assembly . ”
As the expressions of faith from these need - greaters show , when we strive to overcome an obstacle to expand our ministry , we experience in a very personal way the truthfulness of Jehovah’s promise to his servants : “ I will fortify you , yes , I will help you . ”
As a result , our relationship with Jehovah deepens .
In addition , offering ourselves willingly ​ — in the area where we live or in a foreign country — ​ prepares us for the theocratic activities that are awaiting us in the new world .
As Didier , mentioned before , puts it , “ serving where the need is greater is good training for the future ! ”
May many more willing workers start that training soon !
The need - greaters came from Canada , Czech Republic , France , Germany , Guadeloupe , Luxembourg , New Caledonia , Sweden , Switzerland , the United Kingdom , and the United States .
Now replaced by the School for Kingdom Evangelizers .
Full - time ministers serving abroad who meet the requirements may apply to attend this school in their country of origin or in another country where the school is held in their mother tongue .
Keep in touch with need - greaters who moved away from your congregation .
Inquire about their ministry and their well - being . ​ — Prov .
17 : 17 ; 25 : 25 .
Could you help them find a job as a remote worker to enable them to stay in their assignment ?
Or could you offer them a job when they return temporarily to their country of origin ? ​ — Acts 18 : 1 - 3 .
Could you provide them with accommodations when they return to their country of origin to work or to visit ? ​ — 3 John 5 - 8 .
If need - greaters serve in your congregation , let them know how much you appreciate them .
Commend them for their efforts to learn your language .
Inquire about their family .
Include them in your social activities .
Help them to feel at home . ​ — Matt .
19 : 29 .
Our yeartext for 2018 : “ Those hoping in Jehovah will regain power . ” ​ — ISA .
40 : 31 .
SONGS : 3 , 47
Isaiah 40 : 26
Matthew 11 : 28 - 30
2 Corinthians 12 : 9 , 10
What pressures must we deal with , but what reason does Jehovah have to be pleased with his faithful servants ?
( See opening pictures . )
AS YOU know , life in this system of things is by no means trouble - free .
Many of you dear brothers and sisters are coping with serious illness .
Others , although well along in years themselves , are caring for elderly relatives .
Still others are struggling to provide , not luxury items , but just the basic necessities for their families .
And we know that many are dealing with , not one , but several of such problems all at once !
This requires a tremendous expenditure of time and emotional energy ​ — to say nothing of the financial burden .
Nevertheless , your confidence in God’s promises is absolute ; your faith in a better future , unwavering .
How pleased Jehovah must be !
What encouragement can we draw from Isaiah 40 : 29 , but what serious mistake could we make ?
Do you sometimes feel , though , that the pressures of life are driving you to the limit ?
If you do , you are not alone .
The Bible reveals that faithful servants in the past often felt that they could not go on .
However , rather than give up , they looked to Jehovah for strength .
They were not disappointed , for our God “ gives power to the tired one . ”
Sadly , some of God’s people in our day have concluded that the best way to cope with the pressures of life is to ‘ take a break from the truth , ’ as they say , as if our Christian activities were a burden rather than a blessing .
So they stop reading God’s Word , attending congregation meetings , and engaging in the field ministry ​ — just as Satan hopes they will do .
( a ) How can we frustrate Satan’s goal to weaken us ?
( b ) What will we discuss in this article ?
The Devil well knows that our being fully engaged in Christian activities can strengthen us , and he does not want us to be strong .
When you feel physically and emotionally drained , then , do not cut yourself off from Jehovah .
Draw ever closer to him , for “ he will make you firm , he will make you strong . ”
In this article , we will consider two situations that could cause us to slow down in our service to God and we will discuss how applying Bible principles can help us to cope .
But first , let us focus on Jehovah’s ability to strengthen us , as shown at Isaiah 40 : 26 - 31 .
What lesson can we learn from Isaiah 40 : 26 ?
Read Isaiah 40 : 26 .
No one has been able to count all the stars in the universe .
Scientists believe that our Milky Way galaxy alone may contain up to 400 billion stars .
Yet , Jehovah gives a name or a designation to each star .
The lesson for us ?
If Jehovah takes a personal interest in his inanimate creation , imagine how he feels about you who serve him , not because you have been programmed to do so , but because you love him !
Our dear Father knows you through and through .
“ Even the hairs of your head are all numbered ” by him .
And the psalmist assures us : “ Jehovah is aware of what the blameless go through . ”
Yes , he takes notice of the trials you face , and he can give you the strength to endure each one of them .
How can we be sure that Jehovah is able to strengthen us ?
Read Isaiah 40 : 28 .
Jehovah is the Source of dynamic energy .
Consider , for example , the amount of energy that he supplies just to our sun .
Science writer David Bodanis observed : “ The mass our Sun is exploding into energy each second is equivalent to [ billions of atomic ] bombs . ”
Another researcher calculated that the sun “ currently radiates . . . sufficient energy in one second to meet mankind’s needs for 200,000 years ” !
Can anyone doubt that the One who “ fuels ” the sun can give us the strength we need to cope with any problem ?
In what sense is Jesus ’ yoke kindly , and how should knowing that affect us ?
Read Isaiah 40 : 29 .
Serving Jehovah brings much joy .
Jesus said to his disciples : “ Take my yoke upon you . ”
And he added : “ You will find refreshment for yourselves .
For my yoke is kindly , and my load is light . ”
How true that statement is !
At times , we may feel exhausted when we leave home to attend a congregation meeting or to engage in the field ministry .
But how do we feel when we return ?
Refreshed ​ — and better prepared to deal with life’s trials .
Jesus ’ yoke is kindly indeed !
Relate an experience that illustrates the truthfulness of Matthew 11 : 28 - 30 .
A sister whom we will call Kayla has had to battle with chronic fatigue syndrome , depression , and migraine headaches .
Understandably , she has sometimes found it difficult to attend congregation meetings .
However , after she made the effort to attend a public meeting , she wrote : “ The talk was about discouragement .
The information was presented in such an empathetic and concerned way that I was moved to tears .
I was reminded that the meetings are where I need to be . ”
How happy she was that she made the effort to attend !
8 , 9 .
What did the apostle Paul mean when he wrote : “ When I am weak , then I am powerful ” ?
Read Isaiah 40 : 30 .
No matter how qualified we may be , we are limited in what we can accomplish in our own strength .
That is a lesson we all must learn .
Although he was a capable man , the apostle Paul had limitations that prevented him from doing everything he wanted to do .
When he expressed his concerns to God , he was told : “ My power is being made perfect in weakness . ”
Paul got the point .
He concluded : “ When I am weak , then I am powerful . ”
What did he mean by that ?
Paul realized that there was only so much he could do without help from a higher source .
God’s holy spirit could supply the power that Paul lacked .
Not only that , but God’s spirit could empower Paul to perform tasks that he would never have been able to complete in his own power .
The same is true of us .
If the strength we have comes from Jehovah , we will be strong indeed !
How did Jehovah help David to cope with the challenges he faced ?
The psalmist David often experienced the power of God’s holy spirit .
He sang : “ With your help I can charge against a marauder band ; by God’s power I can scale a wall . ”
There are some walls ​ — some problems — ​ that we cannot “ scale ” in our own strength ; we need a boost from Jehovah .
Describe the role of holy spirit in helping us to cope with our problems .
Read Isaiah 40 : 31 .
The eagle does not soar and glide long distances solely in its own power .
A draft of warm air gives it the lift it needs , enabling the eagle to conserve energy .
So when you are faced with a daunting task , remember the eagle .
Beg Jehovah to give you a “ lift ” by means of “ the helper , the holy spirit . ”
Happily , we can have access to it whenever we need it ​ — 24 hours a day .
And we may most keenly feel the need for divine help when we have a disagreement with a member of the congregation .
But why do such differences arise ?
12 , 13 . ( a ) Why do differences between Christians occur ?
( b ) What does the account of Joseph teach us about Jehovah ?
Differences between individuals occur because we are all imperfect .
Accordingly , there will be times when we will be irritated by the words or actions of fellow believers ​ — or when they will be annoyed by ours .
This can be a serious test .
As with other tests , Jehovah allows us to prove our integrity by learning to work unitedly with dedicated men and women whom he loves despite their imperfections .
Jehovah did not abandon Joseph ; neither will he abandon you ( See paragraph 13 )
That Jehovah does not prevent his servants from being tested is illustrated by the account of Joseph .
As a young man , Joseph was sold into slavery by his jealous half brothers and taken to Egypt .
Jehovah saw what was happening and no doubt was grieved to observe the way his friend , righteous Joseph , was being treated .
Still , He did not intervene .
Later , when Joseph was accused of trying to rape Potiphar’s wife and was thrown into prison , Jehovah still did not step in .
But did God ever abandon Joseph ?

On the contrary : “ Jehovah made whatever [ Joseph ] did successful . ” ​ — Gen .
39 : 21 - 23 .
What spiritual and physical benefits can we derive by ‘ letting go ’ of anger ?
Here is another example .
Few people have been treated as badly as David was .
Still , that friend of God did not allow resentment to gnaw away at him .
Rather , he wrote : “ Let go of anger and abandon rage ; do not become upset and turn to doing evil . ”
The most important reason to “ let go ” of anger is to imitate Jehovah , who “ has not dealt with us according to our sins . ”
But there are also practical benefits to ‘ letting go ’ of anger .
Anger can cause such physical problems as high blood pressure and respiratory trouble .
It can affect the liver and the pancreas , and it can cause digestive problems .
When we are angry , we do not always think clearly .
And at times a fit of anger may be followed by a prolonged period of depression .
On the other hand , “ a calm heart gives life to the body , ” says the Bible .
How , then , can we deal with hurt feelings and gain our brother ?
We can do so successfully by applying the Bible’s wise advice .
15 , 16 .
How should we approach someone who has offended us ?
Read Ephesians 4 : 26 .
We are not surprised when we have to endure harsh treatment from the world .
But when a fellow believer or a family member says or does something that hurts us deeply , we may be devastated .
Suppose we cannot simply forget the incident .
Will we allow resentment to fester for years ?
Or will we follow the Bible’s wise advice to settle matters quickly ?
The longer we put off dealing with the situation , the harder it will be for us to make peace with our brother .
Suppose you have been offended by a brother and you cannot put it behind you .

What positive steps can you take to make peace ?


First , approach Jehovah in earnest prayer .
Ask him to help you to have an upbuilding conversation with your brother .
Remember , he is one of Jehovah’s friends .
God loves him .
Jehovah treats his friends with kindness , and he expects no less from us .
Next , review in your mind what you are going to say .
Do not assume that your brother set out deliberately to hurt you ; give him the benefit of the doubt .
And be open to the possibility that in some way you may have contributed to the rift . You might begin the conversation by saying something like this , “ Perhaps I am being overly sensitive , but when you spoke to me yesterday , I felt . . . ”
If the discussion does not produce the results you desire , look for another opportunity to make peace .
In the meantime , pray for your brother ; ask Jehovah to bless him .
Ask God to help you focus on your brother’s positive qualities .
Whatever the outcome , you can be sure that Jehovah will be pleased with your sincere efforts to gain your brother ​ — God’s friend .
What means can Jehovah use to help us recover when we have committed a sin , and why should we take advantage of the provision ?
Some feel unworthy of serving Jehovah because they have committed a serious sin .
Guilt can be a harsh taskmaster .
King David , who struggled with guilt , put it this way : “ When I kept silent , my bones wasted away because of my groaning all day long .
For day and night your hand was heavy upon me . ”
Happily , David dealt with the problem like a man ​ — a spiritual man .
“ Finally I confessed my sin to you , ” he wrote , “ and you pardoned the error of my sins . ”
If you have sinned seriously , Jehovah is ready to help you recover .
But you must accept the help he provides through the congregation .
Do not delay ​ — your everlasting future is at stake !
But suppose that long after a transgression was forgiven , you still have pangs of conscience over past mistakes ?
How can Paul’s example help those who struggle with feelings of unworthiness ?
There were evidently times when the apostle Paul was distressed over past misdeeds .
He acknowledged : “ I am the least of the apostles , and I am not worthy of being called an apostle , because I persecuted the congregation of God . ”
Nevertheless , Paul added : “ But by God’s undeserved kindness I am what I am . ”
Jehovah accepted Paul for what he was , and He expected Paul to realize that about himself .
If you are sincerely repentant of past sins and have confessed them to the extent necessary , you can rest assured that Jehovah will be merciful .
So take Jehovah at his word , and accept his forgiveness ! ​ — Isa .
55 : 6 , 7 .
What is the yeartext for 2018 , and why is it appropriate ?
As this system nears its end , we can expect the pressures of life to increase .
Be assured , however , that the One who “ gives power to the tired one and full might to those lacking strength ” can give you whatever you need to carry on .
During 2018 , we will be reminded of this important truth every time we attend a meeting at the Kingdom Hall .
It is embodied in the words displayed there from our yeartext : “ Those hoping in Jehovah will regain power . ” ​ — Isa .
40 : 31 .
“ How good and how pleasant it is . . . to dwell together in unity ! ” ​ — PS .
133 : 1 .
SONGS : 18 , 14
benefit us personally ?
influence the unity of God’s people ?
motivate us to promote unity ?
1 , 2 .
What is the most unifying event of 2018 , and why ?
( See opening picture . )
ON March 31 , 2018 , as the sun begins to set , God’s people and many interested ones will assemble for the annual observance of the Lord’s Evening Meal .
As the planet turns on its axis , millions will gather to observe the Memorial of Christ’s death .
Each year , this observance is the most amazing unifying event that takes place on planet Earth !
We can only try to imagine how Jehovah and Jesus must rejoice as they observe hour after hour millions of earth’s inhabitants attending this special event until that day ends .
The Bible foretold that “ a great crowd , which no man [ would be ] able to number , out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues ” would shout : “ Salvation we owe to our God , who is seated on the throne , and to the Lamb . ”
How wonderful that Jehovah and Jesus are honored in this way by means of the annual Memorial observance !
What questions will this article answer ?
Some questions have arisen that this article will answer . ( 1 ) How can we individually prepare for the Memorial and benefit from attending it ?
( 2 ) In what ways does the Memorial influence the unity of God’s people ?
( 3 ) How can we personally contribute to that unity ?
( 4 ) Will there ever be a final Memorial ?
If so , when ?
Why is it important for us to be present at the Memorial if at all possible ?
Reflect on the importance of attending the Memorial .
Remember , congregation meetings are part of our worship .
Surely Jehovah and Jesus take note of who makes the effort to attend this most important meeting of the year .
Frankly , we want them to see that unless it is physically or circumstantially impossible , we will be present at the Memorial .
When we show by our actions that meetings for worship are important to us , we give Jehovah added reason to keep our name in his “ book of remembrance ” ​ — “ the book of life ” — ​ in which the names of those who are in line to attain to everlasting life are inscribed . ​ — Mal .
3 : 16 ; Rev .
20 : 15 .
In the days before the Memorial , how can we ‘ test whether we are in the faith ’ ?
In the days leading up to the Memorial , we can set aside time to examine prayerfully and carefully our personal relationship with Jehovah .
( Read 2 Corinthians 13 : 5 . )

How can we do that ? By ‘ testing whether we are in the faith . ’
To do that , we do well to ask ourselves : ‘ Do I really believe that I am part of the only organization that Jehovah has approved to accomplish his will ?
Am I doing my utmost to preach and teach the good news of the Kingdom ?
Do my actions show that I truly believe that these are the last days and that the end of Satan’s rule is near ?
Do I have the same confidence in Jehovah and Jesus now that I had when I dedicated my life to Jehovah God ? ’
Pondering the answers to such questions will help us to keep proving what we ourselves are .
( a ) What is the only path to life ?
( b ) How does one elder prepare for the Memorial each year , and how might you do something similar ?
Read and meditate on Scriptural material that discusses the significance of the Memorial .
( Read John 3 : 16 ; 17 : 3 . )
The only path to everlasting life involves “ coming to know ” Jehovah and “ exercising faith ” in Jesus , His only - begotten Son .
To prepare for the Memorial , why not choose some study projects that will help you to draw closer to Jehovah and Jesus ?
Consider what one longtime elder has been doing .
Over the years , he has collected Watchtower articles that particularly discuss the Memorial and the love that Jehovah and Jesus have shown us .
In the weeks prior to the Memorial , he rereads these articles and meditates on the importance of this observance .
On occasion , he updates his collection with an article or two .
This elder has found that by rereading these articles and by reading and meditating on the Memorial Bible reading , he learns new things each year .
Most important , he feels that his love for Jehovah and Jesus deepens each and every year .
Such a study project may help you to deepen your love and appreciation for Jehovah and Jesus and thus may help you to benefit more fully from the Memorial .
( a ) What did Jesus pray for on the night of the first Lord’s Evening Meal ?
( b ) What shows that Jehovah has answered Jesus ’ prayer ?
On the night of the first Lord’s Evening Meal , Jesus prayed that his followers would all be united and that they would enjoy the same unity that he and his Father treasure .
( Read John 17 : 20 , 21 . )
Jehovah has indeed answered that prayer of his dear Son , and now millions believe that Jehovah sent his Son .
The Memorial , like no other meeting of God’s people , provides undeniable evidence of the unity of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
People of many nations and skin colors gather together in meeting places around the earth .

In some areas , the gathering of these different races at a religious meeting is unheard of or is looked down on by others .
But such unity is beautiful in the eyes of Jehovah and Jesus !
What message did Jehovah give Ezekiel regarding unity ?
As Jehovah’s people , we are not surprised at the unity we enjoy . Jehovah , in fact , foretold it .
Consider the message he gave to the prophet Ezekiel regarding the joining together of two sticks , the stick “ for Judah ” and the stick “ for Joseph . ”
( Read Ezekiel 37 : 15 - 17 . )
The “ Questions From Readers ” published in The Watchtower of July 2016 explained : “ Jehovah gave Ezekiel a message of hope promising the unification of the nation of Israel after its being restored to the Promised Land .
That message also foretells the unification of God’s people that started to take place during the last days . ”
How is the fulfillment of Ezekiel’s prophecy in evidence each year at the Memorial ?
From the year 1919 onward , Jehovah first gradually reorganized and reunited the anointed , who were symbolically like the stick “ for Judah . ”
Then , as more and more of those with the earthly hope ​ — symbolically like the stick “ for Joseph ” — ​ joined the anointed , the two groups became “ one flock . ”
Jehovah promised to join these two sticks and make them one in his hand .
Now both groups serve unitedly under one King ​ — the glorified Jesus Christ , who is prophetically spoken of as God’s “ servant David . ”
The precious unity described in Ezekiel is clearly evident each year as the anointed remnant and the “ other sheep ” gather to observe the Memorial of Christ’s death !
What , though , can we individually do to preserve and promote that unity ?
How can we promote unity among God’s people ?
One way we can promote the unity of God’s people is by cultivating humility .

When on earth , Jesus admonished his disciples to humble themselves .
If we are lowly in heart , we will not give in to the worldly spirit of self - exaltation .


Rather , our humility will help us to be submissive to those taking the lead , and such an obedient spirit is essential for unity in the congregation .
Above all , our humility will please God , for he “ opposes the haughty ones , but he gives undeserved kindness to the humble ones . ” ​ — 1 Pet .
5 : 5 . How can reflecting on the meaning of the Memorial emblems help us to promote unity ?
A second way we can promote unity is by reflecting on the meaning of the emblems used at the Memorial .
Prior to that special night ​ — and especially on that night — ​ give serious thought to the significance of the unleavened bread and the red wine .
The bread represents the sinless body of Jesus offered in sacrifice , and the wine pictures his shed blood .
But we need more than just an intellectual understanding of what those emblems mean .
Remember that the ransom sacrifice of Christ involved the two greatest expressions of love ​ — the love that Jehovah showed in giving his Son in our behalf , and the love that Jesus showed by willingly offering up his life for us .
Reflecting on their love should move us to love them in return .
And the love for Jehovah that we and our fellow worshippers share is like a cord that ties us together and strengthens our bond of unity .
When we are forgiving , we promote unity ( See paragraphs 12 , 13 )
In his illustration of the king settling accounts , how did Jesus make it clear that Jehovah expects us to be forgiving ?
A third way we can promote unity is by freely forgiving others .
When we forgive those who have offended us , we show that we appreciate the forgiveness of our own sins made possible by Christ’s ransom sacrifice .
Consider one of Jesus ’ illustrations as recorded at Matthew 18 : 23 - 34 .
Ask yourself : ‘ Am I moved to apply what Jesus taught ?
Do I show patience and understanding to my fellow servants ?
Am I ready to forgive those who sin against me personally ? ’
Granted , there are degrees of sin , and some offenses are very hard for imperfect humans to forgive .
Yet , this illustration teaches us what Jehovah expects .
( Read Matthew 18 : 35 . )
Jesus makes it clear that Jehovah will not forgive us if we do not forgive our brothers when there is a sound basis for doing so .
What a sobering thought !
We protect and preserve our precious unity when we forgive others as Jesus taught us to do .
How does proving ourselves to be peacemakers promote unity ?
When we forgive others , we prove ourselves to be peacemakers .
Recall the apostle Paul’s counsel that we should be “ earnestly endeavoring to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace . ”
During this Memorial season and especially on the night of the Memorial , think deeply about how you treat others .
Ask yourself : ‘ Do I give clear evidence of being one who does not hold grudges ?
Am I known for going out of my way to promote peace and unity ? ’
These are serious questions to ponder at this time of the year .
How can we show that we are “ putting up with one another in love ” ?
A fourth way to promote unity is by showing love in imitation of Jehovah , the God of love .
Never would we want to say regarding fellow worshippers , “ I may have to love them , but I do not have to like them ” !
To think that way is contrary to Paul’s counsel that we should be “ putting up with one another in love . ”
Note that he did not simply say that we should be “ putting up with one another . ”
He added that we should do so “ in love . ”
There is a difference .
In our congregations are found all sorts of people whom Jehovah has drawn to him .
Since Jehovah has drawn them to him , he must find them lovable .
How , then , could any of us judge a fellow worshipper as being unworthy of our love ?
We must not hold back the love that Jehovah commands us to display ! ​ — 1 John 4 : 20 , 21 .
How do we know that there will be a final Memorial ?
One day the Memorial will be observed for the last time .
How do we know ?
In his first inspired letter to the Corinthians , Paul wrote to anointed Christians that by commemorating Jesus ’ death each year , they “ keep proclaiming the death of the Lord , until he comes . ”
The word “ comes ” here refers to the same event as the “ coming ” that Jesus mentioned in his prophecy about the time of the end .
Regarding the great tribulation just ahead of us , he said : “ The sign of the Son of man will appear in heaven , and all the tribes of the earth will beat themselves in grief , and they will see the Son of man coming on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory .
And [ Jesus ] will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound , and they will gather his chosen ones together from the four winds , from one extremity of the heavens to their other extremity . ”
This ‘ gathering of chosen ones ’ refers to the time when all anointed Christians who still remain on earth will receive their heavenly reward .
It will happen after the initial part of the great tribulation has passed but before the battle of Armageddon .
Then all of the 144,000 will share with Jesus in conquering the kings of the earth .
The last Memorial that is observed prior to this gathering of the anointed to heaven will be the final one , for Jesus will have ‘ come . ’

Why are you determined to be present at this year’s Memorial ?
May we be determined to benefit ourselves by attending the Memorial on March 31 , 2018 .
And let us ask Jehovah to help us keep contributing to the unity of his people !
( Read Psalm 133 : 1 . )
Remember , someday the Memorial we observe will be the final one .
Meanwhile , may we do our utmost to be in attendance , and may we treasure the pleasant unity experienced at the Memorial .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
At Riberalta , Beni , two pioneer couples load literature onto an airplane . They are going to a remote area of the country to preach
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ O our God , we thank you and praise your beautiful name . ” ​ — 1 CHRON . 29 : 13 .
SONGS : 80 , 50
Why does Jehovah expect us to use our valuable things to give back to him ?
How did faithful ones in the past support the activities of Jehovah’s representatives financially ?
How does the organization use the money that is donated today ?
1 , 2 .
How does Jehovah generously use his material resources ?
JEHOVAH is a generous God .
Everything we have is from him .
Jehovah owns all the gold and silver along with all other natural resources of the earth , and he uses them to provide what is needed to sustain life .
The Bible contains numerous accounts of how Jehovah used his resources miraculously to provide for his people .
For 40 years , Jehovah supplied manna and water for the nation of Israel while they were in the wilderness .
As a result , “ they lacked nothing . ”
Through the prophet Elisha , Jehovah performed the miracle of multiplying the small quantity of oil for a faithful widow .
God’s gift enabled her to pay off her debts and after that to have enough money for her and her sons to live on .
With Jehovah’s support , Jesus miraculously provided food and even money when needed . ​ — Matt .
15 : 35 - 38 ; 17 : 27 .
What will we consider in this article ?
Jehovah has access to unlimited resources that can sustain his earthly creation .
However , he still invites his servants to use their material things to support the work of his organization .



What do we show Jehovah when we support his work ?
We give to Jehovah because of our love and appreciation for him .
We are overwhelmed when we consider all that Jehovah has done in our behalf .

When explaining the needs of the upcoming project to build the temple , King David acknowledged that everything we receive comes from Jehovah and that whatever we give to Jehovah is from what he has already given us . ​ — Read 1 Chronicles 29 : 11 - 14 .
How do the Scriptures show that unselfish giving is a fundamental aspect of true worship ?
Giving is also an expression of our worship of Jehovah .
In vision , the apostle John heard Jehovah’s servants in heaven say : “ You are worthy , Jehovah our God , to receive the glory and the honor and the power , because you created all things , and because of your will they came into existence and were created . ”
Would you not agree that Jehovah is worthy of all the glory and honor that we can give him by offering the best that we have ?
Through Moses , Jehovah commanded the nation of Israel to appear before Jehovah at three annual festivals .
As part of their worship at those festivals , the Israelites were not to “ appear before Jehovah empty - handed . ”
Likewise today , unselfish giving in appreciation for and in support of the work of the earthly part of Jehovah’s organization is a fundamental aspect of worship .
Why is giving good for us ?
( See opening picture . )
Giving is good for us .
It is healthy for us to be generous givers and not just receivers .
( Read Proverbs 29 : 21 . )
We may think of a child who gives a gift to his parents from the small allowance they have given him .
How the parents appreciate this gift !
A son or a daughter who may be pioneering and living at home may rightly give the parents some funds to assist with household expenses .
Though the parents may not expect this , they may accept these gifts because it is a way for the child to show appreciation for all that they do for him .
Likewise , Jehovah realizes that giving from our valuable things is good for us .
7 , 8 .
How did Jehovah’s people in Bible times set an example in contributing ( a ) for specific projects ?
( b ) for the general support of the work ?

The aspect of giving from personal resources is well - established in the Scriptures .
In some cases , Jehovah’s people contributed for specific projects .
For example , Moses called for donations for the construction of the tabernacle , as did King David for the building of the temple .
During the time of King Jehoash , the priests used money that was collected to repair the house of Jehovah .
When the brothers in the early Christian congregation were made aware of the need that arose because of a famine , they “ determined , each according to what he could afford , to send relief to the brothers living in Judea . ” ​ — Acts 11 : 27 - 30 .
In other cases , Jehovah’s people gave financial support to those taking the lead in the work .
Under the Mosaic Law , the Levites did not receive an inheritance as the other tribes did .
Rather , the Israelites gave them a tithe , or a tenth part , that allowed the Levites to focus on their work at the tabernacle .
Similarly , Jesus and his apostles later benefited from the generosity of the women “ who were ministering to them from their belongings . ” ​ — Luke 8 : 1 - 3 .
What were some sources of contributions in times past ?
Of course , the sources of such donations varied .
When contributing for the building of the tabernacle in the wilderness , what the Israelites gave likely included what they had brought with them from Egypt .
In the first century , some Christians sold items that they owned , such as fields or houses , and brought the money to the apostles .
The apostles distributed these funds to those in need .
Others set aside money and gave regular donations to support the work .
Thus , people of all walks of life ​ — from the very wealthy to the very poor — ​ had a share . ​ — Luke 21 : 1 - 4 .
10 , 11 . ( a ) How can we imitate the generous servants of Jehovah in Bible times ?
( b ) How do you feel about the privilege you have to support the Kingdom work ?
Today , we too may be asked to make donations for a specific purpose .
For example , are there plans to build a new Kingdom Hall that your congregation will use ? Or is your current Kingdom Hall being renovated ?
We may be made aware of financial needs with regard to renovations to our local branch office , a convention we are attending , or assistance to our brothers after a natural disaster .
We also donate to support those caring for the work at world headquarters and at branch offices around the earth .
Our donations support missionaries , special pioneers , and those in the circuit work .
Your congregation also no doubt has a standing resolution to assist financially with the worldwide program of building Assembly Halls and Kingdom Halls , which benefits our brothers throughout the earth .
All of us can have a share in supporting the work that Jehovah is accomplishing in these last days .
Most donations are anonymous .
We discreetly place funds in the contribution boxes at the Kingdom Hall , or we may make donations online through jw.org .
We may feel that our small donations do not mean much .
Yet , the majority of donated funds today come from many small gifts rather than from a few large ones .
Our brothers , even those who are in poor economic situations , are like the Macedonians who were in “ deep poverty ” and yet begged for the privilege to give and did so generously . ​ — 2 Cor .
8 : 1 - 4 .
How does the organization strive to make the best use of donated funds ?
With prayerful consideration , the Governing Body strives to be faithful and discreet with regard to how the organization’s funds are used .
The funds that are received are budgeted and spent accordingly .
In Bible times , stewards of dedicated funds followed procedures to make sure that donations were used only for their intended purposes .
For example , Ezra traveled back to Jerusalem with donated items from the Persian king ​ — gold , silver , and other materials worth well over $ 100 million ( U.S . ) in today’s values .
Ezra considered these funds to be voluntary offerings to Jehovah and put detailed procedures in place to protect these treasures on the perilous journey through hostile territory .
The apostle Paul collected funds as a relief ministration for the brothers in Judea .
He took steps to ensure that those delivering the funds cared for “ everything honestly , not only in the sight of Jehovah but also in the sight of men . ”
( Read 2 Corinthians 8 : 18 - 21 . )
Imitating the examples of Ezra and Paul , our organization today follows strict procedures when it comes to handling and spending donated funds .
How should we view recent simplifications in the organization ?
A family may make adjustments as they seek to balance income with expenses or as they consider how to simplify their life and reduce expenses in order to do more for Jehovah .
The same is true of Jehovah’s organization .
In recent years , there have been many exciting new initiatives .
At times , this resulted in more money going out than coming in for a period of time .
Thus , the organization looks for ways to reduce expenses and simplify the work so as to be able to accomplish the most that it can with your generous donations .
Your donations help our worldwide work ( See paragraphs 14 - 16 )
14 - 16 . ( a ) What are some of the things being accomplished with your donations ?
( b ) In what ways have you benefited from these provisions ?
Many longtime servants of Jehovah have been heard to say that they have never seen a time like this with so many spiritual provisions .
Just think !
In recent years , we have seen the start of jw.org and JW Broadcasting .
The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures is published in many more languages .
In 2014 / 2015 , some of the largest stadiums in 14 cities around the world became home for the three - day “ Keep Seeking First God’s Kingdom ! ”
International Conventions .
Those who attended were thrilled to be present .
Many have expressed appreciation for the outstanding benefits they are receiving from Jehovah’s organization .
For example , regarding the provision of JW Broadcasting , one couple serving in a country in Asia wrote : “ Our assignment is in a small city .
As a result , we sometimes feel isolated , and we easily forget the scope of Jehovah’s work .
But as soon as we watch the various programs on JW Broadcasting , we remember that we are part of an international brotherhood .
Our dear local brothers and sisters are very excited about JW Broadcasting .
We often hear them say that after watching the monthly programs , they feel close to the members of the Governing Body .
Now they are prouder than ever to be part of God’s organization . ”
Worldwide , nearly 2,500 Kingdom Halls are currently in the process of being built or extensively renovated .
After beginning to use their new Kingdom Hall , the members of one congregation in Honduras wrote : “ We feel truly happy to be part of Jehovah’s universal family and to enjoy our wonderful worldwide brotherhood , both of which helped to make our dream of having a Kingdom Hall in our community a reality . ”
Many express similar appreciation after receiving the Bible and other publications translated into their own language , after benefiting from relief work , or after seeing the results of metropolitan and public witnessing in their communities .
How does the way the organization operates today give evidence of Jehovah’s backing ?
Onlookers cannot understand how it is possible for us to do all this work using only voluntary donations .
After touring one of our printing facilities , an executive from a large company was amazed that all the work was accomplished by volunteers , with voluntary donations , and without any sales or fund drives .
He said that it should not be possible to do what we do . We agree !
We know that it is possible only because Jehovah is backing the work . ​ — Job 42 : 2 .
( a ) What blessings do we receive when we give in support of the Kingdom ?
( b ) How can we train our children and new ones to have a share ?
Jehovah dignifies us with the opportunity to support the grand work taking place today .
He guarantees that we will receive blessings when we give in support of the Kingdom .
Jehovah promises that the one who gives generously will prosper .
( Read Proverbs 11 : 24 , 25 . )
Giving also makes us happy , for “ there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving . ”
By word and example , we have the privilege of training our children and new ones to appreciate how they can have a share and how they , as a result , can enjoy many blessings .
How has this article encouraged you ?
Everything we have is from Jehovah .
Giving back to him shows that we love him and appreciate all that he has done in our behalf .
When donating for the construction of the temple , “ the people rejoiced over making these voluntary offerings , for they made the voluntary offerings to Jehovah with a complete heart . ”
May we likewise continue to find joy and satisfaction in giving back to Jehovah what has come to us from his own hand .
“ Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah ! ” ​ — PS .
144 : 15 .
SONGS : 111 , 109
How can we avoid loving ourselves excessively ?
Why are lovers of money not truly happy ?
How might we evaluate our pursuit of pleasure ?
Why is the time that we live in unique ?
WE LIVE in a time of human history that is truly unique .
As the Bible foretold , Jehovah is gathering “ a great crowd . . . out of all nations and tribes and peoples and tongues . ”
Those gathered constitute “ a mighty nation ” of more than eight million happy people who “ are rendering [ God ] sacred service day and night . ”
Never before have there been so many who have come to love both God and their fellow man .
What misdirected kind of love characterizes people who are alienated from God ?
( See opening picture . )
Yet , the inspired Scriptures also foretold that in our day , a misdirected kind of love characterized by selfishness would be shown by people who are alienated from God .
The apostle Paul wrote : “ In the last days . . . , men will be lovers of themselves , lovers of money , . . . lovers of pleasures rather than lovers of God . ”
This self - centered kind of love is inconsistent with Christian love ; it stands in contrast with it .
Pursuing selfish goals does not bring people the happiness that they expect .
Indeed , such love fosters a selfish world that is “ hard to deal with . ”
What will we analyze in this article , and why ?
Paul recognized that widespread , selfish love would pose dangers for Christians .
Hence , he gave the warning to “ turn away ” from those whose love is misdirected .
However , we cannot avoid all contact with such people .
So how can we turn away from the worldly attitudes that surround us and strive to please Jehovah , the God of love ?
Let us contrast godly love with the love described at 2 Timothy 3 : 2 - 4 .
Doing so will help us evaluate and refine the love that we should show , the kind of love that brings true satisfaction and happiness .
Why is it not wrong to have a balanced love of self ?
“ Men will be lovers of themselves , ” wrote the inspired apostle .
Is it wrong for us to love ourselves ?
No , it is normal , even necessary , to have a healthy love of self .
Jehovah designed us that way .
Jesus said : “ You must love your neighbor as yourself . ”
If we do not love ourselves , we cannot love our neighbor .
We also read in the Scriptures : “ Husbands should love their wives as their own bodies .

A man who loves his wife loves himself , for no man ever hated his own body , but he feeds and cherishes it . ”
So a proper love of self is desirable .
How would you describe those who have an excessive love of self ?
The love of self mentioned at 2 Timothy 3 : 2 is not a normal , healthy love .
It is a distorted , selfish love .
People who love themselves excessively think more of themselves than it is necessary for them to think .
( Read Romans 12 : 3 . )
Their main interest in life is themselves . They care little about others .
When things go wrong , they tend to blame others rather than accept responsibility .
One Bible commentary likens those who are lovers of themselves to “ the hedgehog which . . . rolls itself up in a ball , keeping the soft , warm wool for itself . . . and . . . presents the sharp spines to those without . ”
Such self - centered people are not truly happy .
What results come from a love of God ?
Bible scholars suggest that love of self is put at the top of the apostle Paul’s list of negative qualities that would be prevalent during the last days because the other qualities result from it .
In contrast , people who love God produce a much different kind of fruitage . The Bible associates godly love with joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faith , mildness , and self - control .
“ Happy is the people whose God is Jehovah ! ”
wrote the psalmist . Jehovah is a happy God , and his people reflect that quality .
Furthermore , unlike those who are lovers of themselves and who are interested only in receiving , Jehovah’s servants find delight in giving of themselves for the welfare of others . ​ — Acts 20 : 35 .
How can we avoid becoming lovers of ourselves ?
( See paragraph 7 )
What questions will help us to analyze our love of God ?
How can we determine if our love of God is being eclipsed by love of self ?
Consider the admonition found at Philippians 2 : 3 , 4 : “ Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism , but with humility consider others superior to you , as you look out not only for your own interests , but also for the interests of others . ”
We might ask ourselves : ‘ Do I apply that counsel in my life ?
Am I genuinely seeking to do God’s will ?
Do I reach out to help others , both in the congregation and in the field ministry ? ’
Giving of ourselves is not always easy .
It requires effort and self - sacrifice .
But what could make us happier than knowing that we have the approval of the Sovereign of the universe ?
What has the love of God moved some to do ?
Love of God has moved some to give up potentially lucrative careers to serve Jehovah more fully .
Ericka , who lives in the United States , is a physician .
But instead of pursuing a prestigious position in medicine , she became a regular pioneer and has served in several countries with her husband .
Thinking back , she says : “ The many experiences we have had in helping out in a foreign - language field , along with the friendships we have made , have truly enriched our lives .
I still practice medicine , but being able to focus most of my time and energy on helping to heal people spiritually and on caring for the needs of the congregation brings me heartfelt joy and inner satisfaction . ”
Why does a love of money not bring happiness ?
Paul wrote that people would be “ lovers of money . ”

Some years ago , a pioneer in Ireland spoke to a man about God .
The man took out his wallet , removed some paper money , held it up , and proudly said , “ This is my god ! ”
Though not many would be so open about the matter , the world is full of people who love money and the things it can buy .
Yet , the Bible cautions : “ A lover of silver will never be satisfied with silver , nor a lover of wealth with income . ”
Such people will always want more money , and striving to amass it , they will bring on themselves “ many pains . ” ​ — 1 Tim .
6 : 9 , 10 .
What does the Bible say about riches and poverty ?
We all need money , of course .
It provides a measure of protection .
But can a person be truly happy if he has only enough for his basic needs ?
Absolutely !
( Read Ecclesiastes 5 : 12 . )
Agur son of Jakeh wrote : “ Give me neither poverty nor riches .
Just let me consume my portion of food . ”
We can readily understand his reason for not wanting to be extremely poor .
As he went on to explain , he did not want to be tempted to steal because theft would dishonor God .
But why did he pray not to have riches ? He wrote : “ So that I do not become satisfied and deny you and say , ‘ Who is Jehovah ? ’ ”
Likely you can think of people who trust in their wealth rather than in God .
What counsel did Jesus give about money ?
Those who love money cannot please God .
Jesus said : “ No one can slave for two masters ; for either he will hate the one and love the other , or he will stick to the one and despise the other . You cannot slave for God and for Riches . ”
He prefaced that by saying : “ Stop storing up for yourselves treasures on the earth , where moth and rust consume and where thieves break in and steal .
Rather , store up for yourselves treasures in heaven , where neither moth nor rust consumes , and where thieves do not break in and steal . ” ​ — Matt .
6 : 19 , 20 , 24 .
How may a simple life make it easier to serve God ?
Give an example .
Many have found that living a simple life not only makes them happier but also gives them more time to serve Jehovah .
Jack , who lives in the United States , sold his large home and business because he knew that doing so would make it possible for him to pioneer with his wife .
He reflects : “ It was hard to give up our beautiful home and property in the country .
Yet , for years , I would come home frustrated because of problems at work .
My wife , a regular pioneer , was always so happy .
She would say , ‘ I have the greatest boss ever ! ’
Now that I too am pioneering , we both work for the same Person , Jehovah . ”
How can we avoid becoming lovers of money ?
( See paragraph 13 )
How might we analyze our view of money ?
To analyze our view of money , we might honestly consider how we would answer these questions : ‘ Do I really believe and live in harmony with what the Bible says about money ?
Does making money come first in my life ?

Do I value material things more than my relationship with Jehovah and with people ?
Do I really trust in Jehovah to care for my needs ? ’
We can be sure that he will never disappoint those hoping in him . ​ — Matt .
6 : 33 .
What is a reasonable view of pleasures ?
As foretold , many people today are “ lovers of pleasures . ”
Just as there is nothing wrong with a healthy , reasonable view of self and money , there is nothing wrong with a balanced view of pleasures .
Jehovah does not want us to practice severe self - denial or to abstain from wholesome activities that bring enjoyment .
The Bible encourages faithful ones : “ Go , eat your food with rejoicing , and drink your wine with a cheerful heart . ” ​ — Eccl .
9 : 7 .

What type of pleasures is referred to at 2 Timothy 3 : 4 ?
Second Timothy 3 : 4 refers to a pursuit of pleasures that excludes God .
Notice that the verse does not say that people would love pleasures more than God , implying that they would have some love for him .
It says ‘ rather than God . ’ One scholar wrote : “ This [ verse ] definitely does not mean that they also love God to some extent .
It means that they do not love God at all . ”
What a sobering warning to those who are nurturing an inordinate love of pleasures !
The phrase “ lovers of pleasures ” aptly describes those who are “ carried away by . . . pleasures of this life . ” ​ — Luke 8 : 14 .
16 , 17 .
What example did Jesus set in the matter of pleasures ?
Jesus displayed a perfectly balanced view of pleasures .
He attended “ a marriage feast ” and “ a big reception feast . ”
At the wedding , he miraculously changed water into wine , adding to the supply , which had run short .
And on another occasion , he rejected the self - righteous views of those who criticized him for eating and drinking . ​ — Luke 7 : 33 - 36 .
Yet , Jesus did not immerse himself in a life of pleasure .
He put Jehovah first and expended himself tirelessly in behalf of others .
So that many might live , he willingly endured a painful death on a stake .
Addressing those who would follow in his footsteps , Jesus said : “ Happy are you when people reproach you and persecute you and lyingly say every sort of wicked thing against you for my sake .
Rejoice and be overjoyed , since your reward is great in the heavens , for in that way they persecuted the prophets prior to you . ” ​ — Matt .
5 : 11 , 12 .
How can we avoid becoming lovers of pleasures ?
( See paragraph 18 )
What questions will help us to analyze how much we love pleasures ?
How might we analyze how much we love pleasures ?
We do well to ask ourselves : ‘ Do meetings and field service take second place to entertainment ?
Am I willing to practice self - denial because I want to serve God ?
In seeking pleasurable activities , do I consider how Jehovah will view my choices ? ’
If we truly love God , we will be careful to avoid not only the things we know will displease him but also the things we merely suspect may displease him . ​ — Read Matthew 22 : 37 , 38 .
Who can never be truly happy ?
After some 6,000 years of human misery , Satan’s world is coming to its end .
The earth is filled with those who have an inordinate love of self , money , and pleasures .
They are people who are eager for what they can get , people who place their own wishes at the center of their life .
Such people can never be truly happy .
Instead , it is as the psalmist wrote : “ Happy is the one who has the God of Jacob as his helper , whose hope is in Jehovah his God . ” ​ — Ps . 146 : 5 .
How has the love of God brought you happiness ?
The love of God flourishes among Jehovah’s people , and our ranks are growing every year .
This is evidence that God’s Kingdom reigns and will soon bring to earth unimaginable blessings .
True and lasting joy comes from doing God’s will , from knowing that we are pleasing the Supreme One .
And those who love Jehovah will be joyful forever !
In the next article , we will consider some of the qualities that result from selfish love and see how these contrast with the qualities found in Jehovah’s servants .
“ You will . . . see the distinction between a righteous person and a wicked person . ” ​ — MAL .
3 : 18 .
SONGS : 127 , 101
the way we view ourselves ?
the way we relate to others ?
the way we strive to improve our personality ?
1 , 2 .
What challenge faces God’s people today ?
( See opening pictures . )
MANY health - care professionals work among those infected with contagious diseases .
They care for their patients because they want to help them .
In doing so , however , they need to protect themselves so that they do not become infected with the disease they are seeking to treat .
Likewise , many of us live and work with those who are infected with attitudes and characteristics that run counter to godly qualities .
This presents a challenge for us .
These last days are a time of moral chaos .
The apostle Paul’s second letter to Timothy describes the characteristics of people who are alienated from God , characteristics that will become more pronounced in the days ahead .
( Read 2 Timothy 3 : 1 - 5 , 13 . )
Though we may be shocked by the prevalence of such qualities , we could be influenced by the behavior and attitudes of those who display them .
In this article , we will consider how the qualities that characterize people of the last days stand in contrast with the qualities of God’s people .
We will also see how we can protect ourselves from being infected with negative traits while at the same time helping others spiritually .
To whom does the list of qualities found at 2 Timothy 3 : 2 - 5 apply ?
“ The last days , ” wrote the apostle Paul , would bring “ critical times hard to deal with . ”
He then listed 19 negative traits , or qualities , that would characterize people in this time period .
The list is similar to the one found at Romans 1 : 29 - 31 , though the list in Paul’s letter to Timothy includes terms that are not mentioned elsewhere in the Christian Greek Scriptures .
Paul introduces his list of ungodly qualities with the words “ for men will be . . . ”
The term “ men ” should be understood to mean “ people , ” since both men and women display such qualities .
However , these are not qualities exhibited by all people .
Christians have far different traits . ​ — Read Malachi 3 : 18 .
How would you describe those who are puffed up with pride ?
After stating that many would be lovers of themselves and of money , Paul wrote that people would also be boastful , haughty , and puffed up with pride , traits that often reflect a feeling of superiority because of one’s abilities , appearance , wealth , or rank .
People with such traits crave to be admired and adored .

One scholar wrote the following about the person who has an all - consuming pride : “ In his heart there is a little altar where he bows down before himself . ”
Some have said that inordinate pride is so distasteful that even the proud dislike it in others .
How have even faithful ones been overtaken by pride ?
Jehovah certainly detests pride .
He hates “ haughty eyes . ”
Pride hinders approach to God .
It is a characteristic of the Devil .
Sadly , though , even some loyal servants of Jehovah have become infected with pride .
Uzziah , a king of Judah , proved faithful for years .
“ However , ” the Bible states , “ as soon as he was strong , his heart became haughty to his own ruin , and he acted unfaithfully against Jehovah his God by entering the temple of Jehovah to burn incense on the altar of incense . ”
Later , King Hezekiah too fell prey to haughtiness , though only temporarily . ​ — 2 Chron .
26 : 16 ; 32 : 25 , 26 .
What could have caused David to become proud , but why did he not ?
Some people become proud because of their good looks , popularity , musical ability , physical prowess , or exalted position .

David had not just one of these assets but all of them ; yet , he remained humble throughout his life .
After he killed Goliath and was offered the daughter of King Saul to be his wife , David said : “ Who am I and who are my relatives , my father’s family in Israel , for me to become son - in - law to the king ? ”
What helped David remain humble ?
The qualities , abilities , and privileges David had were because God ‘ stooped down , ’ or humbled himself , to pay attention to him .
David knew that he did not possess anything good that he had not received from Jehovah . ​ — Compare 1 Corinthians 4 : 7 .
What will help us to show humility ?
Like David , Jehovah’s people today strive to show humility .
We are awed by the knowledge that Jehovah , the greatest Person in the universe , manifests the appealing quality of humility .
We take to heart the inspired counsel : “ Clothe yourselves with the tender affections of compassion , kindness , humility , mildness , and patience . ”
We also know that love “ does not brag , does not get puffed up . ”
When we show humility , people may be drawn to Jehovah .
Just as husbands can be won without a word by the conduct of their wives , others can be drawn to God by the humility shown by his people . ​ — 1 Pet .
3 : 1 .
( a ) How is disobedience to parents viewed by some today ?
( b ) What do the Scriptures admonish children to do ?
Paul described how people living in the last days would relate to one another .
He wrote that in the last days , children would be disobedient to parents .
While such behavior is sometimes accepted and even encouraged in books , movies , and television programs today , disobedience undermines the stability of the most important social unit in society ​ — the family .
This principle has long been understood .
Interestingly , in ancient Greece , if a man struck his parents , he would lose all his civil rights ; in Roman law , to strike a father was as serious as murder .

Both the Hebrew Scriptures and the Christian Greek Scriptures admonish children to honor their parents . ​ — Ex .
20 : 12 ; Eph .
6 : 1 - 3 .
What will help young ones to be obedient to their parents ?
Children can protect themselves from being infected with the spirit of disobedience by reflecting on what their parents have done for them .
An appreciative attitude is bolstered by the understanding that obedience is required by God , the Father of us all .
By speaking positively about their parents , young ones can help other youths view their own parents in a positive light .
Of course , if parents have no natural affection for their children , it might be difficult for those children to obey from the heart .
On the other hand , when a youngster senses his parents ’ genuine love , he is moved to please them even when he is tempted to disobey .
“ Though I often felt inclined to try to get away with things , ” admits Austin , “ my parents set reasonable guidelines , explained the reasons for rules , and kept the lines of communication wide open .
This helped me to be obedient .

I could see that they cared for me , and that made me want to please them . ”
10 , 11 . ( a ) What negative qualities show that people lack love for one another ?
( b ) To what extent do true Christians love their fellow man ?
Paul lists other negative qualities that show that people lack love for one another .

Fittingly , unthankful follows “ disobedient to parents ” because it describes the attitude of those who lack appreciation for the kindnesses shown to them by others .
People would also be disloyal .
They would not be open to any agreement , displaying an unwillingness to become reconciled to other people .
They would be blasphemers and betrayers , directing abusive , injurious speech against humans and even against God .
And there would be slanderers , people who voice damaging reports meant to destroy the good reputation of others .
*
In contrast with the people who show the widespread lack of love today , those who worship Jehovah have genuine love for their fellow man .
This has always been true .
Jesus said that love of neighbor , a form of a·gaʹpe , was the second most important commandment in the Mosaic Law , second only to love of God .
Jesus also said that love for one another would be the quality that would identify true Christians .
( Read John 13 : 34 , 35 . )
Such Christian love would even be extended to one’s enemies . ​ — Matt .
5 : 43 , 44 .
How did Jesus show love for others ?
Jesus showed great love for others .
He went from city to city , telling people the good news about the Kingdom of God .
He cured the blind , the lame , the lepers , and the deaf .
He raised the dead .
Jesus even gave his own life in behalf of mankind , though many hated him .
Jesus ’ love perfectly reflected the love his Father shows .
Throughout the earth , Jehovah’s Witnesses express godly love toward others .
How may the love we show for others help them to draw close to Jehovah ?
The love we show for others draws people to our heavenly Father .
A man in Thailand , for example , was touched by the love he saw among the brothers at a regional convention .
Upon returning home , he asked to have a Bible study twice a week .
He preached to all his relatives , and just six months after the convention , he gave his first Bible reading at the Kingdom Hall .
To analyze how well we are doing in showing love for others , we might ask ourselves : ‘ Am I reaching out to help others in my family , in my congregation , and in my ministry ?
Do I strive to see others as Jehovah sees them ? ’
14 , 15 .
What animalistic qualities do many display , but how have some changed for the better ?
Other qualities displayed by people in the last days provide additional reasons for Christians to keep their distance from such people .
Godless ones would be without love of goodness , or as some translations render the expression , “ haters of good ” or “ hostile to all goodness . ”
They would be without self - control , fierce .
Some would be headstrong , or impulsive and reckless .
Many who formerly displayed such animalistic qualities have changed for the better .
This transformation was beautifully foretold in a Bible prophecy .
( Read Isaiah 11 : 6 , 7 . )
There we read about wild animals , such as wolves and lions , that live in peace with domestic animals , such as lambs and calves .
Notice that this tranquil state of affairs will prevail “ because the earth will certainly be filled with the knowledge of Jehovah . ”
Since animals cannot learn about Jehovah , the spiritual fulfillment of this prophecy applies to people .
Applying Bible principles transforms lives !
( See paragraph 16 )
How has the Bible helped people to transform their personalities ?
There are many who were once as fierce as wolves but who now live in peace with others .
You can read some of their experiences in the series “ The Bible Changes Lives , ” found on jw.org .
Those who have come to know and serve Jehovah are not like those who have an appearance of godliness but prove false to its power , who behave as if they worship God but belie that claim by their conduct .
Rather , formerly fierce people have “ put on the new personality that was created according to God’s will in true righteousness and loyalty . ”
As people learn about God , they see the need to conform to his standards .
They are then moved to make changes in their beliefs , attitudes , and conduct .
Such changes are not easy but can be made because God’s spirit will help those who sincerely desire to do God’s will .
How may we avoid being influenced by those who display ungodly qualities ?
The distinction between those serving God and those not serving him is becoming increasingly evident .
We who serve God must be careful that we do not become influenced by the unrighteous attitudes of others .
Wisely , we heed the inspired counsel to turn away from those described at 2 Timothy 3 : 2 - 5 .
Of course , we cannot completely avoid people with ungodly traits .
We might have to work with them , go to school with them , or live with them . But we can avoid being drawn into their thinking and imitating their characteristics .
We do this by strengthening our spirituality through Bible study and close association with those who are determined to serve Jehovah .
How may our speech and conduct benefit others spiritually ?
We should also strive to help others spiritually .
Look for opportunities to witness , asking Jehovah to help you say the right thing at the right time .
We should let others know that we are Jehovah’s Witnesses .
That way , our fine conduct will bring glory to God and not to us .
We have been trained “ to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things . ”
If we conduct ourselves in a godly way , others will observe us , and some may even say : “ We want to go with you , for we have heard that God is with you people . ” ​ — Zech .
8 : 23 .
The Greek word for “ slanderer ” or “ accuser ” is di·aʹbo·los , a term used in the Bible as a title for Satan , the wicked slanderer of God .
AT TIMES , yes .
Consider one example .
Deuteronomy 24 : 14 , 15 states : “ You must not defraud a hired worker who is in need and poor , whether one of your brothers or a foreign resident in your land . . .
Otherwise , he will cry out to Jehovah against you , and you will be guilty of sin . ”
The pottery shard on which the farmworker’s plea was written
The record of a plea in such a case dated to the seventh century B.C.E .
It was found near Ashdod .
Possibly penned for a field worker who allegedly failed to deliver a set quota of grain , this document , written on a pottery shard , says : “ After your servant [ the petitioner ] had finished storing the harvest a few days ago , Hoshayahu son of Shobay came and took your servant’s garment . . . .
All my companions who were harvesting with me in the heat of the sun will testify . . . that what I have said is true .
I am innocent of any offense . . . .
If the governor does not consider it his obligation to have your servant’s garment sent back , do it out of pity !
You must not remain silent when your servant is without his garment . ”
This plea “ speaks to us of more than just the desperation of a labourer to get back [ his garment ] , ” says historian Simon Schama .
“ It also presupposes that the petitioner knew something about the biblical law code , especially the injunctions in Leviticus and Deuteronomy against harsh treatment of the poor . ”
3 Imitate the Faith and Obedience of Noah , Daniel , and Job
8 Do You Know Jehovah as Did Noah , Daniel , and Job ?
Noah , Daniel , and Job experienced many of the same kinds of problems we face today .
What enabled them to remain faithful and obedient ?
How did they come to know Jehovah so well that nothing could break their integrity ?
These two articles will consider those questions .
13 Life Story ​ — All Things Are Possible With Jehovah
18 What Does It Mean to Be a Spiritual Person ?
23 Move Forward as a Spiritual Person !
In the first of these two articles , we will see what spirituality is and what we can learn from exemplary spiritual people .
Then in the second article , we will consider how we can cultivate spirituality and put it to work in our daily lives .
28 Joy ​ — A Quality We Acquire From God
31 From Our Archives
“ Noah , Daniel , and Job . . . would be able to save only themselves because of their righteousness . ” ​ — EZEK .
14 : 14 .
SONGS : 89 , 119
Noah ?
Daniel ?
Job ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why can we take courage from the examples of Noah , Daniel , and Job ?
( b ) Under what circumstances did Ezekiel write the words recorded at Ezekiel 14 : 14 ?
ARE you dealing with trials , such as ill health , financial problems , or persecution ?
Do you at times find it hard to maintain your joy in Jehovah’s service ?
If so , take courage from the examples of Noah , Daniel , and Job .
They were imperfect , and they faced many of the challenges we face , including some that were life threatening .
Yet , they held on to their integrity , becoming models of faith and obedience in the eyes of God . ​ — Read Ezekiel 14 : 12 - 14 .

Ezekiel wrote the words of our theme text in Babylonia in 612 B.C.E .
* Apostate Jerusalem was nearing its foretold destruction , which occurred in 607 B.C.E .
Only relatively few individuals reflected the qualities of Noah , Daniel , and Job and were thus marked for survival .
Among those few were Jeremiah , Baruch , Ebed - melech , and the Rechabites .
What will we consider in this article ?
Likewise today , only those whom Jehovah considers blameless ​ — people like Noah , Daniel , and Job — ​ will be marked for survival when the present system of things comes to an end .
So let us consider why Jehovah used those men as examples of righteousness .
As we discuss each one , we will focus on ( 1 ) what challenges the man faced and ( 2 ) how we can imitate his faith and obedience .
4 , 5 .
What challenges did Noah face , and why was his endurance remarkable ?
Challenges that Noah faced .
By the time of Noah’s great - grandfather Enoch , people had become very ungodly .
They were even saying “ shocking things ” against Jehovah .
Violence was increasing .
In fact , in Noah’s day , “ the earth was filled with violence . ”
Wicked angels materialized as humans , took wives , and produced brutal , hybrid offspring .
But Noah stood out as different .
“ Noah found favor in the eyes of Jehovah . . . .
He proved himself faultless among his contemporaries .
Noah walked with the true God . ” ​ — Gen .
6 : 8 , 9 .
Consider what those words say about that righteous man .
For one thing , Noah did not walk with God in that wicked pre - Flood world for a mere 70 or 80 years ​ — the life span of many today .
He lived in that world for almost 600 years !
And unlike us today , he did not have a congregation of fellow worshippers ​ — evidently not even his siblings — ​ to turn to for spiritual support .

*
In what ways did Noah show great courage ?
Noah was not content just to lead a good life .
He also became a bold “ preacher of righteousness , ” publicly confessing his faith in Jehovah .
“ Through this faith he condemned the world , ” wrote the apostle Paul .

It stands to reason , therefore , that Noah faced ridicule and opposition , perhaps even threats of violence .
But he was not “ trembling at men . ”
Rather , he had the courage that Jehovah gives to his faithful servants .
When building the ark , what challenges did Noah face ?
After Noah had walked with God for more than five centuries , Jehovah told him to build an ark for the saving of human and animal life .
How difficult that project must have seemed ​ — and not just from the construction point of view !
Noah surely knew that it would bring on even more ridicule and opposition .
Still , he obediently went ahead in faith .
“ He did just so . ” ​ — Gen .
6 : 22 .
In what ways did Noah trust in Jehovah as his Provider ?
Another challenge for Noah was that of providing materially for his wife and children .
Before the Flood , people had to work extra hard to grow food , and Noah was surely no exception .
Even so , he centered his life , not on material concerns , but on God .
Even when building the ark , which may have taken as long as 40 or 50 years , Noah kept his spiritual focus .
And he continued to do so for another 350 years after the Flood .
What a fine example of faith and obedience !
9 , 10 . ( a ) How can we imitate Noah’s faith and obedience ?
( b ) How does God view all who uphold his standards ?
How we can imitate Noah’s faith and obedience .
We do so by upholding God’s righteousness , by being no part of Satan’s world , and by keeping Kingdom interests in first place .
To be sure , our way of life does not win us the world’s approval .
Indeed , even now , our firm stand for God’s laws , such as those concerning marriage and sexual morality , has led to negative publicity in some lands .
( Read Malachi 3 : 17 , 18 . )
Like Noah , however , we fear Jehovah , not men .
We know that he alone gives everlasting life . ​ — Luke 12 : 4 , 5 .
But what about you personally ?
Will you keep ‘ walking with God , ’ even when others mock or criticize you or when economic pressures test your faith in your Provider ?
If you imitate the faith and obedience of Noah , you can be confident that Jehovah will care for you . ​ — Phil .
4 : 6 , 7 .
What big challenges did Daniel and his three companions face in Babylon ?
( See opening picture . )
Challenges that Daniel faced .
Daniel lived as a captive in Babylon , a city filled with idolatry and spiritism .
Moreover , the Babylonians looked down on the Jews , mocking both them and their God , Jehovah .
How this must have hurt faithful Jews like Daniel !
Also , he and his three companions ​ — Hananiah , Mishael , and Azariah — ​ were in the spotlight , as it were , because they were to be trained in the king’s service .
Even their diet was set for them .
In fact , food and drink soon became an issue because Daniel did not want to “ defile himself with the king’s delicacies . ” ​ — Dan .
1 : 5 - 8 , 14 - 17 .
( a ) What fine qualities did Daniel display ?
( b ) How did Jehovah view Daniel ?
A more subtle challenge for Daniel could have involved his exceptional abilities , which led to his receiving special privileges .
But instead of becoming arrogant and opinionated , he remained humble and modest , always giving due credit to Jehovah .
In fact , it was while Daniel was still a young man that Jehovah counted him worthy of being mentioned as an example of righteousness , along with Noah and Job .
Was God’s confidence in Daniel misplaced ?
Not at all !
Daniel stayed faithful and obedient to the very end of his life .
Indeed , he was likely in his late 90 ’ s when God’s angel warmly said to him : “ O Daniel , you very precious man . ” ​ — Dan .
10 : 11 .
How may Daniel have been a blessing to his fellow Jews ?
As a result of divine favor , Daniel was made a high official under both Babylonian and Medo - Persian rule .
Perhaps Jehovah maneuvered matters this way so that Daniel could be a blessing to his own people , as were Joseph in Egypt and Esther and Mordecai in Persia .
* Imagine how comforting it must have been for the Jewish captives , including Ezekiel , to see Jehovah’s hand in matters in this way !
Jehovah views as precious those who maintain their integrity ( See paragraphs 14 , 15 )
14 , 15 . ( a ) In what ways are our circumstances similar to those of Daniel ?
( b ) What can parents today learn from Daniel’s parents ?
How we can imitate Daniel’s faith and obedience .

Today , we live as foreigners , as it were , in a world that has been morally and spiritually corrupted by Babylon the Great , the world empire of false religion , “ a dwelling place of demons . ”
Hence , we too stand out as different , even becoming targets for ridicule .
Like Daniel , therefore , let us draw close to Jehovah , our God .
When we humbly and obediently trust in him , we too will be precious in his eyes . ​ — Hag .
2 : 7 .
Parents can learn from the example of Daniel’s parents .
How so ?
Despite the wickedness that prevailed in Judah during Daniel’s early childhood , the boy grew to love God .
This , of course , was no accident .
It reflected good parental training .
Even Daniel’s name , which means “ My Judge Is God , ” points to God - fearing parents .
So parents , do not give up on your children , but teach them patiently .
Also , pray with them and for them .
When you strive to impress Bible truth on their hearts , you invite Jehovah’s rich blessing . ​ — Ps .
37 : 5 .
16 , 17 .
What contrasting challenges did Job experience ?
Challenges that Job faced .
The life of Job is a study in contrasts .
Before his trial , he was “ the greatest of all the people of the East . ”
He was wealthy , well - known , and highly respected .
Yet , despite all of this , Job did not develop a lofty view of himself or feel that he did not need God .
In fact , Jehovah called him “ my servant , ” adding : “ He is an upright man of integrity , fearing God and shunning what is bad . ” ​ — Job 1 : 8 .
In a very short space of time , Job’s life changed dramatically .
He was driven to the depths of poverty and despair .
The cause , we know , was the slanderer Satan , who lyingly accused Job of worshipping God out of self - interest .
( Read Job 1 : 9 , 10 . )
Jehovah did not sweep aside that wicked accusation .
Instead , he gave Job the opportunity to prove his integrity , to show that his worship stemmed from a pure , unselfish heart .
( a ) What impresses you about Job’s integrity ?
( b ) What do Jehovah’s dealings with Job reveal about Him ?
Satan launched a series of vicious attacks against Job , leading Job to assume that God was to blame .
Then three false comforters arrived and attacked Job with cruel words , basically saying that God was giving him what he deserved !
Yet , Job maintained his integrity .

Yes , he spoke rashly at times , but Jehovah understood the pain Job felt .
God saw a deeply depressed man who never turned his back on Him , even though Satan , in effect , threw Job to the ground and then verbally kicked him with lying insults .
When the trial was over , Jehovah gave Job double what he had before the trial began , as well as an added 140 years of life .
During that time , he continued to give Jehovah exclusive devotion .
How can we be sure ?
Job had been dead for many centuries when Ezekiel recorded the words of our theme text .
19 , 20 . ( a ) How can we imitate Job’s faith and obedience ?
( b ) In our dealings with others , how can we reflect God’s compassion ?
How we can imitate Job’s faith and obedience .
No matter what our circumstances may be , let us always keep Jehovah at the center of our lives , trusting him fully and obeying him with a complete heart .
Indeed , we have even more reason to do so than Job had !
Consider : We know a lot about Satan and his tactics . Thanks in part to the book of Job , we know why God permits suffering .
From Daniel’s prophecy , we understand that God’s Kingdom is a world government in the hands of Christ Jesus .
And we know that this Kingdom will soon bring a permanent end to all suffering .
Job’s experience also highlights our need to show compassion to fellow Christians who may be enduring hardships .

Like Job , some may even speak rashly at times .
But instead of judging them , let us show insight and compassion .
In this way , we imitate our loving and merciful Father , Jehovah . ​ — Ps .
103 : 8 .
How do the words at 1 Peter 5 : 10 reflect what occurred in the lives of Noah , Daniel , and Job ?
Although Noah , Daniel , and Job lived at different times and under very different circumstances , they endured the challenges they faced .
Their life stories call to mind the words of the apostle Peter , who wrote : “ After you have suffered a little while , the God of all undeserved kindness . . . will himself finish your training . He will make you firm , he will make you strong , he will firmly ground you . ” ​ — 1 Pet . 5 : 10 .
What will we consider in the next article ?
Through Peter’s inspired words , Jehovah assures us that he will make his servants firm and strong .
These words also apply to God’s people today .
All of us desire to be made strong by Jehovah and to remain firm in our worship .
Therefore , we want to imitate the faith and obedience of Noah , Daniel , and Job !
As we shall see in the next article , the key to their integrity was that they truly knew Jehovah .
In fact , they ‘ understood everything ’ he required of them .
The same can be true of us .
Ezekiel was taken into exile in 617 B.C.E .
Ezekiel 8 : 1 – 19 : 14 is dated “ in the sixth year ” of that exile , or 612 B.C.E .
Noah’s God - fearing father , Lamech , died about five years before the Flood .
If Noah’s mother and siblings were alive when the Flood began , they did not survive it .
The same may have been true of Daniel’s three companions , who were also given positions of authority . ​ — Dan .
2 : 49 .
“ Evil men cannot understand justice , but those who seek Jehovah can understand everything . ” ​ — PROV .
28 : 5 .
SONGS : 126 , 150
Noah ?
Daniel ?
Job ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) What will help us to remain faithful to God during these last days ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
AS THE last days near their end , the wicked continue to “ sprout like weeds . ”

It comes as no surprise , therefore , that moral standards are being abandoned .
In this environment , how can we “ be young children as to badness ” yet “ full - grown in [ our ] understanding ” ? ​ — 1 Cor .
14 : 20 .
The answer is found in our theme text , which says in part : “ Those who seek Jehovah can understand everything ” ​ — that is , everything necessary to please him .
A similar thought is expressed at Proverbs 2 : 7 , 9 , which says that Jehovah “ treasures up practical wisdom for the upright . ”
As a result , the upright are able to “ understand what is righteous and just and fair , the entire course of what is good . ”
Noah , Daniel , and Job acquired that wisdom .
The same is true of God’s people today .
What about you personally ?
Do you “ understand everything ” necessary to please Jehovah ?
The key is to have accurate knowledge of him .
With that in mind , let us consider ( 1 ) how Noah , Daniel , and Job came to know God , ( 2 ) how that knowledge benefited them , and ( 3 ) how we can develop a faith like theirs .
How did Noah come to know Jehovah , and how did accurate knowledge help him ?
How Noah came to know Jehovah .
Since early in human history , men and women of faith have learned about God in three primary ways : by observing the visible creation , from other God - fearing humans , and by experiencing the blessings of living in harmony with God’s righteous standards and principles .
By observing the physical creation , Noah would have seen abundant evidence not only of God’s existence but also of his many invisible qualities , such as “ his eternal power and Godship . ”
As a result , Noah did more than believe in God ; he developed strong faith in him .
How did Noah become familiar with God’s purpose for mankind ?
Faith “ follows the thing heard . ”
How did Noah hear about Jehovah ?
He no doubt learned much from his relatives .
These included his father , Lamech , who was a man of faith and whose life overlapped Adam’s .
( See opening picture . )
They also included his grandfather Methuselah and his great - great - grandfather Jared , whose life overlapped Noah’s by 366 years .
* Perhaps from these men and possibly from their wives , Noah learned about mankind’s start , God’s purpose that a righteous human family fill the earth , and the rebellion in Eden ​ — the results of which Noah could see for himself .
In any event , what Noah learned touched his heart , moving him to serve God . ​ — Gen .
6 : 9 .
6 , 7 .
How did hope reinforce Noah’s faith ?
Faith is reinforced by hope .
Imagine , then , how Noah must have felt when he learned that his name , which probably means “ Rest ; Consolation , ” embodied hope !
Under inspiration , Lamech said : “ This one [ Noah ] will bring us comfort from . . . the painful toil of our hands because of the ground that Jehovah has cursed . ”
Noah had hope in God .
Like Abel and Enoch before him , he believed in the “ offspring ” who would bruise the serpent’s head . ​ — Gen .
3 : 15 .
While Noah may not have grasped the details of the prophecy recorded at Genesis 3 : 15 , he no doubt saw in it the hope of deliverance .
Moreover , that Edenic promise harmonized with the message proclaimed by Enoch , who also foretold God’s judgment of the wicked .
Enoch’s message , which will have its final fulfillment at Armageddon , surely reinforced Noah’s faith and hope !
In what ways did accurate knowledge of God protect Noah ?
How accurate knowledge of God benefited Noah .
Accurate knowledge gave Noah faith and godly wisdom , which protected him from harm , especially spiritual harm .
For instance , because Noah “ walked with the true God , ” he did not walk , or associate , with the ungodly .
He was not fooled by the materialized demons , who surely impressed faithless , gullible humans with their superhuman abilities ​ — perhaps even to the point of becoming objects of idolatry .
Also , Noah knew that humans were told to reproduce and fill the earth .
Hence , he must have known that sexual unions between women and materialized spirits were both unnatural and wrong .
That conclusion was no doubt confirmed when those unions produced abnormal offspring .
In time , God warned Noah that He was going to bring a flood upon the earth .

Noah’s faith in that warning moved him to build the ark , thus saving his household . ​ — Heb .
11 : 7 .
9 , 10 .
How can we imitate Noah’s faith ?
How we cultivate faith like Noah’s .
The key is to be good students of God’s Word , to take to heart what we learn , and to let that knowledge mold us and guide us .
Then faith and godly wisdom will protect us from Satan’s clever designs and from the world’s evil spirit .
That spirit fosters a love for violence and immorality .
And it impels people to focus on fleshly desires .
It may even move the spiritually weak to ignore the evidence of the closeness of God’s great day .
Note that when Jesus compared our time with Noah’s , he focused , not on violence or immorality , but on the dangers of spiritual apathy . ​ — Read Matthew 24 : 36 - 39 .
Ask yourself : ‘ Does my way of life indicate that I truly know Jehovah ?
Does my faith impel me not only to live in harmony with God’s righteous standards but also to proclaim them ? ’
May your answers show that you too ‘ walk with the true God . ’
( a ) Daniel’s godly devotion as a youth reveals what about his upbringing ?
( b ) What qualities of Daniel would you like to imitate ?
How Daniel came to know Jehovah .
Daniel was evidently well - instructed by his parents , who taught him to love Jehovah and his written Word .

Moreover , that love stayed with Daniel all his life .
Even in his old age , we find him poring over the Scriptures .
Daniel’s intimate knowledge of God , including God’s dealings with Israel , is beautifully reflected in the prophet’s heartfelt and contrite prayer recorded at Daniel 9 : 3 - 19 .
Why not take a few moments to read that prayer and meditate on it , taking special note of what it tells you about Daniel as a person ?
12 - 14 . ( a ) In what ways did Daniel show godly wisdom ?
( b ) How was Daniel blessed for his courageous loyalty to God ?
How accurate knowledge of God benefited Daniel .
For a faithful Jew , life in pagan Babylon presented big challenges .
For instance , Jehovah told the Jews : “ Seek the peace of the city to which I have exiled you . ”
Yet , at the same time , he required their exclusive devotion .
What enabled Daniel to balance the two requirements ?
Godly wisdom helped him to grasp the principle of relative subjection to secular authorities .
Centuries later , Jesus taught the very same principle . ​ — Luke 20 : 25 .
Consider what Daniel did when an official decree forbade prayer to any god or man other than the king for 30 days .
( Read Daniel 6 : 7 - 10 . )
Daniel could have made excuses , saying , ‘ Thirty days is not forever ! ’
But he refused to let a royal edict override his Scriptural obligations .
Of course , he could have prayed discreetly so as not to be observed .
He knew that his daily custom was well - known .
So while it meant risking his life , Daniel decided not to give even the impression that he was compromising in his worship .
Jehovah blessed Daniel’s conscientious and courageous decision by miraculously sparing him a cruel death .
In fact , the outcome resulted in a marvelous witness for Jehovah that reached the farthest parts of the Medo - Persian Empire ! ​ — Dan .
6 : 25 - 27 .
How can we cultivate faith like that of Daniel ?
How to cultivate faith like Daniel’s .
The key to strong faith is not simply to read God’s Word but to ‘ get the sense ’ of it .
We want Jehovah’s mind on matters , which includes grasping Bible principles . Hence , we need to meditate on what we read .
Also important is regular heartfelt prayer , especially when we face trials or other challenging situations .
When we pray in faith for wisdom and strength , Jehovah will generously give them to us . ​ — Jas .
1 : 5 .
16 , 17 .
How did Job gain an accurate knowledge of God ?
How Job came to know Jehovah .
Job was not an Israelite .
He was , however , a distant relative of Abraham , Isaac , and Jacob , and Jehovah had revealed details to them about himself and his purpose for mankind .
In some undisclosed way , Job learned many of those precious truths .
“ My ears have heard about you , ” he said .
Moreover , Jehovah himself stated that Job spoke truthfully about Him . ​ — Job 42 : 7 , 8 .
Our faith is strengthened when we see God’s invisible qualities in the visible creation ( See paragraph 17 )
Job also saw many of God’s invisible qualities in the visible creation .
Later , both Elihu and Jehovah used aspects of creation to remind Job of man’s insignificance compared with God’s greatness .
Jehovah’s words reached Job’s heart , for he humbly said to God : “ Now I know that you are able to do all things and that nothing you have in mind to do is impossible for you . . . . I repent in dust and ashes . ” ​ — Job 42 : 2 , 6 .
18 , 19 .
In what ways did Job show that he truly knew Jehovah ?
How accurate knowledge of God benefited Job .
Job had outstanding insight into godly principles .

He truly knew Jehovah , and he acted on that knowledge .
Consider : Job knew that he could not profess to love God and at the same time be unkind to his fellow man .
He did not elevate himself above others but showed brotherly concern for all , rich and poor .
“ Did not the One who made me in the womb also make them ? ”
he said . Clearly , Job had not allowed his earlier prestige and wealth to warp his view of himself or others .
What a contrast to many of the powerful and wealthy in the world !
Job rejected all forms of idolatry ​ — even in his heart .
He knew that false worship , including devotion to material riches , would be a denial of “ the true God above . ”
( Read Job 31 : 24 - 28 . )
He viewed marriage as a sacred bond between a man and a woman .
He even made a covenant with his eyes not to look immorally at a virgin .
Keep in mind that this was at a time when God tolerated polygamy .
So Job could have taken a second wife had he wanted to .
* Evidently , though , he took as a pattern the marital union that God established in Eden , making that example a law to himself .
Some 1,600 years later , Jesus Christ taught his listeners to adhere to the same righteous principles regarding marriage and sexual morality . ​ — Matt .
5 : 28 ; 19 : 4 , 5 .
How does accurate knowledge of Jehovah and of his standards help us in choosing good associates and wholesome entertainment ?
How we cultivate faith like Job’s .
The key , once again , is to have accurate knowledge of Jehovah and to let that knowledge guide us in every aspect of life .
For example , the psalmist David states that Jehovah “ hates anyone who loves violence , ” and David warns against associating “ with deceitful men . ”
( Read Psalm 11 : 5 ; 26 : 4 . )
What insight do those scriptures give you into God’s thinking ?
How should that insight influence your priorities , use of the Internet , and choice of associates and entertainment ?
Your answers may help you to see how well you know Jehovah .
To remain blameless in today’s complex and wicked world , we must train our “ powers of discernment ” so that we can distinguish not just right from wrong but also wise from unwise . ​ — Heb .
5 : 14 ; Eph .
5 : 15 .
What will enable us to “ understand everything ” we need to know to please our heavenly Father ?
Because Noah , Daniel , and Job searched for Jehovah with all their heart , he let himself be found by them .
He helped them to “ understand everything ” necessary to please him .
They thus became examples of righteousness , and they led truly successful lives .
So ask yourself , ‘ Do I know Jehovah as well as Noah , Daniel , and Job did ? ’
In fact , thanks to increased spiritual light , you can know him even more fully ! So dig deeply into God’s Word .
Meditate on it . And pray for holy spirit . Then you will draw ever closer to your heavenly Father .
And you will act with insight and wisdom in today’s ungodly world . ​ — Prov .
2 : 4 - 7 .
Noah’s great - grandfather Enoch also “ kept walking with the true God . ”
However , “ God took him ” some 69 years before Noah was born . ​ — Gen .
5 : 23 , 24 .
The same could be said of Noah .
He had just one wife , even though polygamy began to be practiced soon after the rebellion in Eden . ​ — Gen .
4 : 19 .

LOVE JOY
PEACE
PATIENCE
KINDNESS
GOODNESS
FAITH
MILDNESS
SELF - CONTROL
PEOPLE normally want to live a joyful life .
But in these last days , everyone faces trials that are “ hard to deal with . ”
Injustice , poor health , unemployment , grief , or other causes of anxiety and sorrow may gradually cause some to lose their joy .
Even servants of God may become discouraged and see their joy slip away .
If this has happened to you , how can you regain your joy ?
To answer that question , we first need to understand what genuine joy is and how others have remained joyful despite trials .
Then we will learn what we can do to maintain our joy and even add to it .
We should not confuse being joyful with simply being jovial or cheerful .
To illustrate : After too many drinks , a drunkard may be in a hilarious mood .
However , when he sobers up , he laughs no more , and he may return to a life full of sorrow and troubles .
His momentary exuberance was not true joy . ​ — Prov . 14 : 13 .
Joy , in contrast , is a deep - seated quality of the heart .
It has been defined as “ the emotion excited by the acquisition or expectation of good . ”
Joy is a state of happiness or gladness that remains whether the conditions around us are pleasant or not .
In fact , a person can be disturbed about something but still have joy in his heart .
For example , the apostles were flogged for speaking about the Christ .
Yet , they “ went out from before the Sanhedrin , rejoicing because they had been counted worthy to be dishonored in behalf of his name . ”
Obviously , they were not rejoicing over the flogging they had received .
But as servants of God , they found true joy in keeping their integrity to him .
We are not born with such joy ; nor does it develop automatically .
Why not ?
Because true joy is part of the fruitage of God’s holy spirit .
With the help of God’s spirit , we can fully develop “ the new personality , ” which includes joy .
And when we develop joy , we are better able to cope with the stresses of life .
Jehovah intended for good things to develop on the earth , not the bad things that we see so often today .
Yet , the wicked deeds of others do not rob Jehovah of joy .
God’s Word states : “ Strength and joy are in his dwelling place . ”
Furthermore , the good things that are being accomplished by his servants make “ [ Jehovah’s ] heart rejoice . ” ​ — Prov .
27 : 11 . We can imitate Jehovah by not becoming overly concerned when things do not work out as we had expected .
Rather than lose our joy , we can focus on the good things we have now and wait patiently for the better things ahead .
*
We can also find many Biblical examples of humans who maintained joy in the face of trying circumstances .
Abraham is one who endured life - threatening situations and difficulties caused by others .
Despite such pressures , Abraham maintained joy in his heart .
How did he do so ?
He had clearly in mind his hope of living in the new world under the Messiah’s rule .
Jesus said : “ Abraham your father rejoiced greatly at the prospect of seeing my day . ”
We can imitate Abraham by pondering the joys ahead . ​ — Rom . 8 : 21 .
Like Abraham , the apostle Paul and his companion Silas were focused on God’s promises .
They had strong faith , and they kept their joy alive despite negative experiences .
For example , after they had endured a dreadful beating and were thrown into prison , in “ the middle of the night , [ they ] were praying and praising God with song . ”
In addition to drawing strength from their hope , Paul and Silas were joyful because they were suffering for the sake of Christ’s name .
We can imitate Paul and Silas by keeping in mind the good that comes from serving God faithfully . ​ — Phil .
1 : 12 - 14 .
Today , our brotherhood includes many fine examples of individuals who maintained joy in the face of trials .
For instance , in November 2013 , Super Typhoon Haiyan ripped through the central part of the Philippines , destroying the homes of over 1,000 Witness families .
George , whose home in the city of Tacloban was obliterated , said : “ In spite of what happened , the brothers are happy .
It’s hard for me to express the joy we feel . ”
Whenever we experience great difficulties , we will remain joyful if we meditate appreciatively on what Jehovah has done for us .
What else has Jehovah provided that gives us reason for joy ?
What greater reason for joy could we have than our relationship with God ?
Think of it : We know the Universal Sovereign . He is our Father , God , and Friend ! ​ — Ps .
71 : 17 , 18 .
We also treasure the gift of life and our ability to enjoy it .
As intelligent creatures who have been drawn by Jehovah , we understand God’s will for us .
Hence , we have real meaning and direction in our lives .
On the other hand , the majority of mankind have no clear concept of life’s purpose .
Highlighting this contrast , Paul wrote : “ ‘ Eye has not seen and ear has not heard , nor have there been conceived in the heart of man the things that God has prepared for those who love him . ’
For it is to us God has revealed them through his spirit . ”
Do we not rejoice over our understanding of Jehovah’s will and purpose ?
Consider what else Jehovah has done for his people . Are we not happy that our sins can be forgiven ?
Because of God’s mercy , we have a living hope that a new world will soon be here .
Even now , Jehovah provides a wholesome group of fellow worshippers .
God’s Word also assures us that Jehovah protects his people from Satan and his demons .
If we meditate on all these blessings from God , we will see our joy deepen and grow . ​ — Phil .
4 : 4 .
Can an already joyful Christian increase his joy ?
Jesus said : “ These things I have spoken to you , so that my joy may be in you and your joy may be made full . ”
Does this not indicate that we can grow in joy ?
You can compare your efforts at increasing joy to stoking a fire .
You must feed the fire to intensify the heat .
Likewise , you must feed your spirituality to increase your joy . Remember : Joy is fueled by God’s spirit .
Hence , you will develop greater joy by regularly requesting the help of Jehovah’s spirit and prayerfully meditating on his spirit - inspired Word . ​ — Ps .
1 : 1 , 2 ; Luke 11 : 13 .
You also increase your joy by being active in works that please Jehovah .
Why ?
Because we were created to “ fear the true God and keep his commandments , for this is the whole obligation of man . ”
In other words , we were designed to do God’s will .
So when we serve Jehovah , we naturally get the most enjoyment from life .
*
As we develop godly joy , we will experience benefits that go beyond simply how we feel inside .
For example , we will become more pleasing to our heavenly Father as we joyfully serve him no matter what problems we may face .
Also , as a result of having true joy , we will reject a materialistic way of life and will instead seek to make greater personal sacrifices in behalf of God’s Kingdom .
When we see the good that this accomplishes , we will grow in joy , experience a greater sense of well - being , and add to the happiness of others . ​ — Acts 20 : 35 ; Phil .
1 : 3 - 5 .
“ If you are happy and satisfied with your life now , you are more likely to be healthy in the future . ”
That is what a researcher at the University of Nebraska in the United States wrote after reviewing a number of studies on health .
This is in agreement with the Bible , which says : “ A joyful heart is good medicine . ”
Yes , as you increase your joy , you are likely to have better physical health .
So despite living in stressful times , we can develop true and lasting joy as we acquire holy spirit by means of prayer , study , and meditation on Jehovah’s Word .
We also increase our joy as we reflect on our current blessings , imitate the faith of others , and seek to do God’s will .
In all such ways , we can share in the truth of Psalm 64 : 10 , which says : “ The righteous one will rejoice in Jehovah and take refuge in him . ”
The quality of patience will be considered in a future article in this series on “ the fruitage of the spirit . ”
For additional ways to enhance your joy , see the box “ Other Ways to Increase Joy . ”
Keep your life simple and uncluttered . ​ — Luke 12 : 15 .
Be modest in your expectations . ​ — Mic . 6 : 8 .
Make sure that your schedule ( for employment , schooling , recreation , and so forth ) allows you to pursue spiritual goals . ​ — Eph .
5 : 15 , 16 .
Be reasonable with yourself and others . ​ — Phil .
4 : 5 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
A Witness couple share the Bible’s message of good news with a mother who picked up her son from school .
She wears a traditional head scarf
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
LIFE STORY
As told by Beishenbai Berdibaev
“ DEATH will be no more , and even the dead will be brought back to life . ”
My wife , Mairambubu , overheard these words while traveling on a bus .
She was curious and wanted to learn more .
Once the bus stopped and the passengers disembarked , she chased after the woman who had spoken those words .
Her name was Apun Mambetsadykova , and she was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Talking to the Witnesses in those days was risky , but what we later learned from Apun transformed our lives .
I was born in 1937 on a kolkhoz , or collective farm , near Tokmok , Kyrgyzstan .
Our family belong to the Kyrgyz people , and we speak the Kyrgyz language .

My parents were farmworkers , and they worked on the kolkhoz from dawn to dusk .
Peasants were given regular food supplies , but cash wages were paid only once a year .
Mother struggled to care for my younger sister and me .
After just five years of schooling , I too began working full - time on the kolkhoz .
Teskey Ala - Too mountain range
In the region where I lived , poverty was widespread , and the work it took to make ends meet was exhausting .
As a young man , I gave little thought to the purpose of life or to the future .
I never imagined that the wonderful truths about Jehovah God and his purpose would transform my life .
How that message reached Kyrgyzstan and spread here is a thrilling story .
It all started in my home region of northern Kyrgyzstan .
The truth about Jehovah God took root in Kyrgyzstan in the 1950 ’ s .
To do so , the truth had to overcome a powerful ideology .
Why ?
What is now Kyrgyzstan then belonged to the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics ( USSR ) .
All over the USSR , Jehovah’s Witnesses remained neutral in political matters .
Hence , they were persecuted as enemies of the Communist state .
But no ideology can stop the Word of God from reaching the hearts of honest people .
Indeed , one of the most valuable lessons I have learned in all my long life is that with Jehovah , “ all things are possible . ” ​ — Mark 10 : 27 .
Emil Yantzen
The persecution of Jehovah’s Witnesses led to their expansion in Kyrgyzstan .
Why is that ?
The USSR included the region of Siberia , where enemies of the State were exiled .

When these exiles were released , many came to Kyrgyzstan , and some of them brought the truth with them .

One such former exile was Emil Yantzen , who had been born in Kyrgyzstan in 1919 .
Emil was sent to a labor camp and met the Witnesses there .
He accepted the truth and returned home in 1956 .
Emil settled near Sokuluk , in my home region .
Sokuluk is where the first congregation in Kyrgyzstan was formed in 1958 .
Victor Vinter
About one year later , Victor Vinter moved to Sokuluk .
This faithful brother suffered repeated hardships .
Twice he served three - year sentences for upholding neutrality ; then he spent a further ten years in prison plus five years in exile .

Still , persecution did not stop the expansion of true worship .
Eduard Varter
By 1963 there were about 160 Witnesses in Kyrgyzstan , many of them originally from Germany , Ukraine , and Russia .
They included Eduard Varter , an exile who had been baptized in Germany in 1924 .
In the 1940 ’ s , the Nazis had sent him to a concentration camp , and a few years later , Communists in the USSR had sent Eduard into exile .
In 1961 this faithful brother moved to the town of Kant , which lies very close to my hometown .
Elizabeth Fot ; Aksamai Sultanalieva
Elizabeth Fot , a loyal servant of Jehovah , also lived in Kant .
She earned her living as a seamstress .
Because she was skilled in her craft , such professionals as doctors and teachers ordered clothes from her .
One of her clients was a woman named Aksamai Sultanalieva , who was married to an official of the public prosecutor’s office .

Aksamai came to Elizabeth for some clothing but asked many questions about the meaning of life and the condition of the dead .
Elizabeth answered her questions straight from the Bible .
Aksamai became a zealous preacher of the good news .
Nikolai Chimpoesh
At about that time , Nikolai Chimpoesh , from Moldova , was appointed a circuit overseer and served as such for almost 30 years .
Not only did Nikolai visit congregations but he also organized the duplication and distribution of our literature .
His activities did not go unnoticed by the authorities . Hence , Eduard Varter gave Nikolai some encouraging advice : “ When the authorities question you , tell them openly that we get our literature from headquarters in Brooklyn . Look the KGB agent right in the eye .
You have nothing to fear . ” ​ — Matt .
10 : 19 .
Soon after this conversation , Nikolai was summoned to KGB headquarters in Kant .
He related what happened next : “ The agent asked where we got our literature .
I told him we get it from Brooklyn .
He did not know what to say to that .
He just let me go and never called me in again . ”
Such intrepid Witnesses kept on cautiously spreading the good news in my home region of northern Kyrgyzstan .
When the precious truth about Jehovah finally reached my own family in the 1980 ’ s , my wife , Mairambubu , heard it first .
Mairambubu comes from the Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan .
One day in August 1974 , she visited my sister’s home , which is where we first met .

I liked Mairambubu straight away .
We got married that same day .
Apun Mambetsadykova
In January 1981 when Mairambubu was in a bus on her way to a local market , she overheard the conversation mentioned earlier .
My wife wanted to hear more , so she asked the woman for her name and address .
She gave her name , Apun , but she was cautious because even in the 1980 ’ s , the activities of the Witnesses were banned .
Instead of giving my wife her address , Apun took note of our address .
My wife arrived home excited .
“ I heard wonderful things , ” said Mairambubu .
“ A woman told me that soon people will no longer die .
Even wild beasts will be tamed . ”
To me , it sounded like a fairy tale . “ Let’s wait until she visits to tell us the details , ” I replied .
Apun visited us three months later .
Further visits followed , whereby we met some of the first Witnesses belonging to the Kyrgyz people .
These sisters introduced us to the amazing truths about Jehovah and his purpose for mankind .
They read to us the book From Paradise Lost to Paradise Regained .
* And since there was just one copy of this book in Tokmok , we copied it by hand for ourselves .
One of the first things we learned was the prophecy at Genesis 3 : 15 .
This prophecy will be fulfilled through Jesus as God’s Messianic King .
That is an important message that everyone must hear !
All the more reason for us to join in the proclamation .
Soon , Bible truth began to transform our lives .
A Christian brother in Tokmok invited us to a wedding .
My wife and I soon noticed that the Witnesses behaved differently .
There was no alcohol at the wedding , and the festivities were orderly .
This was a big contrast to other weddings we had attended , where guests often got drunk , behaved badly , and used foul language .
We also attended some Christian meetings of the congregation in Tokmok .
These were held in the woods , weather permitting .
The brothers and sisters knew that the police kept a close watch on us , so the brothers posted a lookout .
In winter , we gathered for meetings in a house .
A couple of times , the police came to the house and demanded to know what we were doing .
When Mairambubu and I got baptized in July 1982 in the Chüy River , we had to be cautious .
Brothers arrived in small numbers and assembled in the forest .

We sang a Kingdom song and listened to the baptism talk .
In 1987 a brother asked me to visit an interested person living in the town of Balykchy .
Getting there from our home involved a four - hour journey by train .
After several preaching trips to Balykchy , we discovered widespread interest there .
This was clearly an opportunity to expand our ministry .
Mairambubu and I often traveled to Balykchy .
We stayed there most weekends , went in the ministry , and held Christian meetings .
Demand for our publications rose dramatically .
We carried the publications from Tokmok in a mishok , a sack used to transport potatoes .
Two sacks full of literature per month barely met the demand .
Even on the train to and from Balykchy , we were able to witness to passengers .
In 1995 a congregation was formed in Balykchy ​ — eight years after our first visit to that town .
Those years of traveling between Tokmok and Balykchy cost a lot of money .
Our personal means were limited , so how did we manage ?
A Christian brother regularly gave us money to make up for the shortfall .
Jehovah saw our desire to expand our ministry , and he opened “ the floodgates of the heavens ” to us .
Surely all things are possible with Jehovah !
In 1992 , I was appointed to serve as an elder , the first Kyrgyz elder in the country .
In our home congregation of Tokmok , new avenues of service opened up .
We had numerous Bible studies with young Kyrgyz students at educational institutes .
One of these young people with whom we studied now serves on the Branch Committee , and two others are special pioneers .
We also reached out to help others at our meetings .
In the early 1990 ’ s , our publications as well as the meetings were in the Russian language .
But an increasing number in the congregation spoke Kyrgyz as their mother tongue .
So I interpreted , which helped them grasp the truth more readily .
With my wife and eight of our children in 1989
Mairambubu and I were also kept busy raising our growing family .
We took our children in the preaching work and to the congregation meetings .
Our daughter Gulsayra ​ — then just 12 years old — ​ enjoyed speaking to passersby on the street and telling them about the Bible .
And our children loved memorizing Scripture texts .
In this way our children , and later grandchildren , were very much involved in congregation activities .
Of the 9 children and 11 grandchildren still living , 16 serve Jehovah or attend the meetings with their parents .
The dear brothers and sisters who started Jehovah’s work in our area in the 1950 ’ s would be astounded to see the changes we have experienced .
For one thing , since the 1990 ’ s , we have enjoyed more freedom to preach the good news and to assemble together in large numbers .
With my wife in the ministry
In 1991 my wife and I attended our first - ever convention in Alma - Ata , now known as Almaty , in Kazakhstan .
And in 1993 the brothers in Kyrgyzstan hosted a convention at Spartak Stadium in Bishkek for the first time .
Publishers spent a week cleaning the stadium beforehand .
The director was so impressed that he allowed us to use the facilities without cost .
In 1994 we reached another milestone when the first of our publications was printed in the Kyrgyz language .
Literature is now regularly translated into Kyrgyz by a translation team at the branch office in Bishkek .

Indeed , in 1998 the work of the Witnesses was granted legal recognition in Kyrgyzstan .
The organization has grown , and we now number well over 5,000 publishers .
Today , we have a total of 83 congregations and 25 groups in Chinese , English , Kyrgyz , Russian , Russian Sign Language , Turkish , Uighur , and Uzbek .
All these dear brothers and sisters from different backgrounds serve Jehovah unitedly .
Jehovah made all these remarkable changes possible .
Jehovah also transformed my life .
I grew up in a lowly peasant family and had just five years of schooling .
Yet , Jehovah used me to serve as an elder and to teach precious Bible truths to people who were more educated than I was .
Indeed , Jehovah makes the most unusual things happen .
My own experience moves me to continue loyally testifying about Jehovah , with whom “ all things are possible . ” ​ — Matt .
19 : 26 .
Published by Jehovah’s Witnesses but now out of print .
“ May [ God ] grant you to have among yourselves the same mental attitude that Christ Jesus had . ” ​ — ROM .
15 : 5 .
SONGS : 17 , 13
How can we identify a spiritual person ?
What can we learn from exemplary spiritual people ?
Why should we strive to have “ the mind of Christ ” ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How do many view spirituality ?
( b ) What key questions about spirituality will we consider ?
“ BEING a spiritual person has made me happier , and it has helped me deal successfully with daily trials , ” says a sister in Canada .
A brother in Brazil states , “ Our 23 years of marriage have been very happy ​ — thanks to our efforts to be spiritually - minded . ”
And a brother in the Philippines notes , “ Being a spiritual person has allowed me to have peace of mind , and it has helped me improve in my dealings with brothers from different backgrounds . ”
Expressions like those portray spirituality in a favorable way .
As a result , we may be moved to ask ourselves , ‘ How can I grow as a spiritual person and enjoy more fully the benefits described above ? ’
However , before we answer that , we need to understand clearly what the Bible says about spiritual , or spiritually - minded , people .
In this article , we will answer three key questions .
( 1 ) What does it mean to be a spiritual person ?
( 2 ) What examples will help us to progress in our spirituality ?
( 3 ) How will our effort to have “ the mind of Christ ” help us to be spiritual people ?
How does the Bible’s description of a physical man differ from that of a spiritual man ?
The apostle Paul helps us to understand what a spiritual person is by drawing a contrast between a “ spiritual man ” and “ a physical man . ”
( Read 1 Corinthians 2 : 14 - 16 . )
What is the difference ?
The “ physical man ” is described as not accepting “ the things of the spirit of God , for they are foolishness to him ; and he cannot get to know them . ”
On the other hand , “ the spiritual man ” is someone who “ examines all things ” and who has “ the mind of Christ . ”
Paul encourages us to be spiritual people .
In what other ways do physical and spiritual individuals differ ?
4 , 5 .
What are the characteristics of a physical person ?
Consider first the attitude of a physical individual .
The world has a predominant attitude that centers on the flesh .
Paul describes it as “ the spirit that is now at work in the sons of disobedience . ”
This spirit influences most humans to adopt a common attitude ​ — simply follow the crowd .
They are focused on the flesh .
As a result , the majority of them do what feels right in their own eyes and make no effort to live up to God’s standards .
A physical , or fleshly - minded , person is often excessively concerned about prestige and material pursuits or about defending what he feels are his rights .
What else might identify a physical person ?
People who engage in any of “ the works of the flesh ” fall into that category .
Paul’s first letter to the Corinthian congregation identifies a number of other characteristics of those who have a fleshly attitude .
These include : promoting divisions , taking sides , fostering dissensions , taking one another to court , showing a lack of appreciation for headship , and being self - indulgent in food and drink .
When confronted with temptation , the fleshly - minded person weakens and gives in .
Jude spoke of those who would deteriorate even to the point of “ not having spirituality . ” ​ — Jude 18 , 19 .
What identifies a spiritual person ?
What , then , does it mean to be a “ spiritual man ” ?
A spiritual person is inclined toward God , the opposite of the physical person .
Spiritually - minded individuals strive to “ become imitators of God . ”
This means that they make an effort to have Jehovah’s thinking on matters and to look at things from his point of view .
God is very real to them .
In contrast with fleshly - minded individuals , they try to bring all their ways into harmony with Jehovah’s standards .
Rather than focus on fleshly works , the spiritually - minded person endeavors to show “ the fruitage of the spirit . ”
To clarify the expression “ spiritually - minded ” further , think of this comparison : An individual who is skillful in commercial affairs is said to be business - minded .
Similarly , someone who keenly values spiritual or religious interests is called spiritually - minded .
What does the Bible say about spiritually - minded people ?
The Bible speaks highly of spiritually - minded people .
Matthew 5 : 3 says : “ Happy are those conscious of their spiritual need , since the Kingdom of the heavens belongs to them . ”
Romans 8 : 6 shows the advantage of being spiritually - minded , saying : “ Setting the mind on the flesh means death , but setting the mind on the spirit means life and peace . ”
By focusing on spiritual things , we gain peace with God and with ourselves now and the prospect of everlasting life in the future .
Why is effort needed to develop and maintain spirituality ?
However , we live in a dangerous environment .
Since fleshly attitudes are all around us , we need to put forth real effort to develop spirituality and to guard it once we have it .
If a person loses his spirituality , he creates a moral vacuum and the polluted “ air ” of this world will rush in .
What can help us to prevent that from happening ?
How can we grow spiritually ?
( a ) What can help us to grow spiritually ?
( b ) What examples of spiritual people will we consider ?
A child can become mature by observing his parents and copying their good example .
In like manner , we can grow spiritually by observing and imitating spiritually strong people .
Conversely , fleshly - oriented people serve as warning examples for us .
The Bible contains both types of examples .
But since our goal is to grow as spiritual people , let us take a look at several positive examples of individuals we can imitate .
We will consider the examples of Jacob , Mary , and Jesus .
What can we learn from the example of Jacob ?
( See paragraph 10 )
How did Jacob show himself to be a spiritual man ?
First , take the example of Jacob . As is true of most of us today , Jacob did not have an easy life .
He had to put up with his fleshly - minded brother , Esau , who intended to kill him .
On top of that , he had to deal with a deceitful father - in - law , who repeatedly tried to exploit him .
Yet , despite being surrounded by “ physical ” men , Jacob was a spiritual man .
He had faith in the promise made to Abraham and devoted himself to caring for the family who would play a special role in the outworking of Jehovah’s purpose .
Jacob’s words and actions reveal that he had God’s standards and will in mind .
For example , when he felt threatened by Esau , Jacob said to God : “ Save me , I pray you . . .
You have said : ‘ I will certainly deal well with you , and I will make your offspring like the grains of sand of the sea . ’ ”
He obviously put faith in Jehovah’s promises to him and his forefathers and wanted to act in harmony with God’s will and purpose .
What can we learn from the example of Mary ?
( See paragraph 11 )
What shows that Mary was a spiritual person ?
Now consider another example , that of Mary .
Why did Jehovah choose Mary to become Jesus ’ mother ?
No doubt because she was a spiritually - minded person .
How do we know that ?
She showed clear evidence of spirituality in her beautiful expressions of praise when she visited the home of her relatives Zechariah and Elizabeth .
( Read Luke 1 : 46 - 55 . )
Mary’s statements show that she had a deep love for God’s Word and was thoroughly familiar with the Hebrew Scriptures .
Note , too , that she and Joseph , although newly married , refrained from sexual relations until Jesus was born .
What does that indicate ?
It shows that both of them were more concerned with Jehovah’s will than with satisfying their personal desires .
As time passed , Mary carefully noted what took place in Jesus ’ life and paid attention to the words of wisdom he spoke .
Furthermore , she “ kept all these sayings in her heart . ”
She was clearly interested in God’s purpose in connection with the Messiah .
Does not Mary’s example help us to think of how we can put God’s will first in our life ?
( a ) In what way did Jesus resemble his Father ?
( b ) How can we imitate Jesus ’ example ?
( See opening picture . )
Yet , of all the people who have lived , who is the most outstanding example of a spiritual person ?
It is Jesus , of course . Throughout his life and ministry , he showed that he wanted to imitate his Father , Jehovah .
He thought , felt , and acted like Jehovah and lived in harmony with God’s will and standards .
Note , for example , how Jehovah’s feelings of compassion are described by the prophet Isaiah , and compare that description with what the Gospel writer Mark reports about Jesus ’ feelings .
( Read Isaiah 63 : 9 ; Mark 6 : 34 . )
Are we like Jesus , ever ready to show compassionate concern when we meet people who need help ?
In addition , Jesus devoted himself to the work of preaching and teaching the good news .
All such feelings and actions are marks of a spiritual person .
13 , 14 . ( a ) What can we learn from modern - day examples of spiritually - minded people ?
( b ) Relate an example .
Aside from Scriptural examples , there are many modern - day examples of spiritually - minded individuals who have made great progress in reflecting a Christlike personality .
Perhaps you have noticed their zeal in the ministry , their outstanding hospitality , their compassion , or other fine qualities .
They , like us , have battled weaknesses and imperfections while trying to develop those godly qualities .
Rachel , a sister in Brazil , says : “ I loved to follow the world’s fashions . As a result , I did not dress very modestly .
But learning the truth moved me to make the needed effort to be a spiritual person .
Making changes was not easy , but I became happier and found real purpose in life . ”
Reylene , from the Philippines , had a different challenge .
She focused on pursuing higher education and good employment in order to get ahead in life .
She says : “ My spiritual goals started to fade .
But I began to realize that something was missing in my life , something far more important than my job .
As a result , I redirected my focus to serving Jehovah . ”
Since then , Reylene has been a living example of putting faith in Jehovah’s promise found at Matthew 6 : 33 , 34 .
She says : “ I know for sure that Jehovah will take care of me ! ”
Perhaps you know of similar examples in your congregation .
Are we not moved to imitate such faithful ones as they follow the Christ ? ​ — 1 Cor .
11 : 1 ; 2 Thess .
3 : 7 .
15 , 16 . ( a ) To be like Christ , what do we need to do ?
( b ) How can we expose our mind to “ the mind of Christ ” ?
How can we personally imitate Christ ?
The Bible at 1 Corinthians 2 : 16 speaks of having “ the mind of Christ . ”
And Romans 15 : 5 refers to having “ the same mental attitude that Christ Jesus had . ”
Therefore , to be like Christ , we need to know his pattern of thinking and the full range of his personality .
Then we need to follow in his footsteps .
Jesus ’ mind is focused on his relationship with God .
So being like Jesus makes us more like Jehovah .
For these reasons , it becomes clear how important it is to learn to think as Jesus does .
How can we do this ?
Jesus ’ disciples saw his miracles , heard his discourses , watched how he dealt with all kinds of people , and observed how he applied godly principles .
They said : “ We are witnesses of all the things he did . ”
We , however , cannot observe him directly .
But Jehovah has lovingly provided the Gospel accounts that can make Jesus ’ personality come alive in our mind .
By reading and meditating on the Bible books of Matthew , Mark , Luke , and John , we expose our mind to Christ’s mind .
We thus can “ follow his steps closely ” and “ arm [ ourselves ] with the same mental disposition ” as Christ had . ​ — 1 Pet .
2 : 21 ; 4 : 1 . How will thinking like Christ help us ?
How will learning to think like Christ help us ?
Just as nourishing food strengthens the physical body , feeding our mind on Christ’s thinking fortifies our spirituality .
Gradually , we come to know what Christ would do in any situation .
This , in turn , helps us to make decisions that leave us with a clean conscience and God’s approval .
Do you not agree that these benefits give us good reason to “ put on the Lord Jesus Christ ” ? ​ — Rom . 13 : 14 .
What have you learned from this discussion on being a spiritual person ?
We have considered what it means to be a spiritual person .
We have also seen that we can learn from good examples of spiritual people .
Finally , we have learned how having “ the mind of Christ ” helps us to grow as a spiritual person .
However , there are several other aspects of spirituality that we should consider .
For example , how can we analyze the strength of our own spirituality ?
What more can we do to cultivate it ?
And how will our spirituality impact our daily life ?
The next article will help to answer these questions .
“ Keep walking by spirit . ” ​ — GAL .
5 : 16 .
SONGS : 22 , 75
What might we consider when analyzing our spirituality ?
What do we need to do to move forward as a spiritual person ?
How will having the mind of Christ affect your daily life ?
1 , 2 .
What did one brother find lacking with regard to his spiritual condition , and what did he do about it ?
ROBERT got baptized as a teenager , but he did not really take the truth seriously .
He says : “ I never did anything wrong , but I was just going through the motions .
I looked spiritually strong , being at all the meetings and serving as an auxiliary pioneer a few times a year .
But something was missing . ”
Robert himself did not perceive what was wrong until later when he got married .

He and his wife began passing time by quizzing each other on Bible subjects .
His wife , a spiritually strong person , had no problem answering the questions , but Robert found himself constantly embarrassed , not knowing what to say .
He says : “ It was as if I knew nothing .
I thought to myself , ‘ If I am going to be my wife’s spiritual head , I have to do something . ’ ”
And Robert did .
He says : “ I studied the Bible and studied and studied some more , and the pieces started to fit together .
I got understanding and , most important , developed a close relationship with Jehovah . ”
( a ) What can we learn from Robert’s experience ?
( b ) What key points will we now discuss ?
We can learn important lessons from Robert’s experience .
We may have some Bible knowledge and may regularly associate with the Christian congregation , but these things in themselves do not necessarily make us into a spiritual person .
Or we may have already made progress , but when we examine ourselves further , we find that we can still improve our spirituality .
To help us to continue progressing , we will answer three key questions in this article : ( 1 ) What will help us to analyze the true state of our spirituality ?
( 2 ) How can we cultivate spirituality and keep growing as a spiritual person ?
( 3 ) How can strong spirituality help us in our daily life ?
To whom does the counsel found at Ephesians 4 : 23 , 24 apply ?
When we became servants of God , we made a transformation . This change affected every area of our life .
And it was not over when we got baptized .
We are told to “ continue to be made new in [ our ] dominant mental attitude . ”
Since we are not perfect , we all need to continue making changes .
Even longtime servants of Jehovah need to maintain their spirituality . ​ — Phil .
3 : 12 , 13 .
What questions can help us analyze ourselves ?
To improve and maintain our spirituality , we need to analyze ourselves honestly .
Whether we are young or old , we can ask ourselves these questions : ‘ Do I notice changes in myself that indicate that I am moving toward becoming a spiritually - minded person ?
Is my personality becoming Christlike ?
What do my disposition and conduct at Christian meetings reveal about the depth of my spirituality ?
What do my conversations show about my desires ?
What do my study habits , dress and grooming , or reaction to counsel reveal about me ?
How do I react when faced with temptations ?
Have I progressed beyond basics to maturity , becoming full - grown as a Christian ? ’
Thinking about our answers to these questions can help us measure our spiritual progress .
To analyze the state of our spirituality , what else may be needed ?
To analyze the state of our spirituality , we may at times need help from others .
The apostle Paul pointed out that the fleshly person cannot see the wrongness of his position before God .
On the other hand , the spiritual person understands God’s viewpoint as well as the erroneous course of the physical man .
Elders who have the mind of Christ often see early warning signs of fleshly thinking .
If they bring these to our attention , do we accept and apply their counsel ?
By doing so , we give evidence of our desire to develop our spirituality . ​ — Eccl .
7 : 5 , 9 .
Why is having Bible knowledge not enough to become a spiritually - minded person ?
Keep in mind that having knowledge of the Bible is not enough to become a spiritually - minded person .
Ancient King Solomon had a lot of knowledge about Jehovah’s ways .
His sayings later became part of the Bible .
But in the end , he failed to stay faithful to Jehovah as a spiritual man .
So in addition to Bible knowledge , what is needed ?
We need to continue to make spiritual progress .
But how do we do so ?
8 , 9 . ( a ) What will help us to develop spiritual stability ?
( b ) What is our goal when we study and meditate ?
( See opening picture . )
Paul urged first - century Christians to “ press on to maturity . ”
In order to apply Paul’s counsel today , what steps can we take ?
One important step is to study the publication “ Keep Yourselves in God’s Love . ”
Completing your study of that book will help you to see how to apply Bible principles in your life .
If you have already finished studying that book , can you move on to other study materials that can help you to stabilize your faith ?
Do you prayerfully meditate on how you can apply in your life what you are studying ?
Keep in mind that as we study and meditate , we should do so with the goal of developing a heartfelt desire to please Jehovah and obey his laws .
At the same time , we work to reject things that will hinder our spiritual growth . ​ — Titus 2 : 11 , 12 .
What can young people do to cultivate spirituality ?
If you are a youth , do you have clear spiritual goals ?
When attending circuit assemblies , a brother who serves at Bethel has made it his custom to speak with baptism candidates before the program .
Many candidates are youths .
The brother asks them what spiritual goals they have .
Many give answers that reveal that they have a clear vision of what they want to do to serve Jehovah ​ — perhaps by entering some form of full - time service or by serving where there is a greater need for Kingdom proclaimers .
Occasionally , however , there are youths who do not seem to have an answer .
Might that indicate that they have not yet resolved in their heart that they should have clear spiritual goals ?
As a youth , ask yourself : ‘ Am I participating in spiritual activities just because my parents expect me to ?
Am I drawing closer to God by nurturing a personal relationship with him ? ’
Of course , the counsel to have spiritual goals applies not just to youths .
Having such goals will help all of us as Jehovah’s servants to deepen our spirituality . ​ — Eccl .
12 : 1 , 13 .
( a ) To make real spiritual progress , what do we need to do ?
( b ) What Bible example can we imitate ?
Once we have identified areas for improvement , we need to take positive steps that will help us move forward .
Becoming a spiritual person is very important .
In fact , it is a life - and - death matter .
However , for us to be spiritually mature does not mean to be perfect .
Jehovah’s spirit can help us to make the needed progress . Still , we do need to put forth effort .
In commenting on Luke 13 : 24 , John Barr , who served as a member of the Governing Body , pointed out some years ago , “ Many fail because they are not diligent enough to grow mighty . ”
We need to be like Jacob , who did not give up wrestling with an angel until he got a blessing .
Although Bible study can be enjoyable , we should not expect the Bible to read like a novel that is written just to entertain .
We need to work at finding spiritual gems that will help us .
Study God’s Word diligently , and meditate on what you read
Zealously apply the things you learn
Keep your mind and heart open to the influence of the holy spirit
Gratefully accept help from others
12 , 13 . ( a ) What will help us to apply Romans 15 : 5 ?
( b ) How can the apostle Peter’s example and counsel help us ?
( c ) What can you do to cultivate spirituality ?
( See the box “ Steps You Can Take to Progress Spiritually . ” )
As we work at cultivating spirituality , holy spirit will give us the power to transform our mind .
With the spirit’s help , we can gradually begin to think more and more as Christ did .
Additionally , it will help us root out fleshly desires and cultivate qualities pleasing to God .

If we find that our mind pushes us toward materialistic thinking or fleshly desires , we should not give up .
Keep asking for the spirit , and Jehovah will help you to redirect your mental attitude to focus on proper things .
Remember the apostle Peter .
Several times in his life , he did not respond as a spiritual man should .
But he did not give up .
Gradually , with Jehovah’s help , Peter developed Christlike thinking .
We can do the same .
Peter , in fact , later spelled out specific things we can work on .
( Read 2 Peter 1 : 5 - 8 . )
As we “ put forth all earnest effort ” to develop such qualities as self - control , endurance , and brotherly affection , we will be helped to continue to move ahead as spiritually - minded individuals .
Each day , why not ask yourself , ‛ What can I work on today to progress spiritually ? ’
How will being spiritually - minded affect our life ?
Our Christlike thinking will influence our speech , our conduct at work or in school , and the decisions we make each day .
Those decisions will reveal that we strive to be followers of Christ .
As spiritual people , we want nothing to jeopardize our relationship with our heavenly Father .
When we are confronted with temptations , our Christlike attitude will move us to push them away .
When making decisions , we will stop and ponder over these questions : ‛ What Bible principles will help me decide ?
What would Christ do in this situation ?
What decision will please Jehovah ? ’
To train ourselves to think this way , let us take a look at a few sample situations .
In each example , we will identify a Scriptural principle that can help us make a wise decision .
15 , 16 .
Give examples of how Christlike thinking helps us when making decisions about ( a ) selecting a marriage mate . ( b ) choosing our associations .
Selecting a marriage mate .
The Scriptural principle is found at 2 Corinthians 6 : 14 , 15 .
( Read . )
Paul’s words clearly state that a spiritual person cannot enjoy complete harmony with a physical person .
How can this be applied to choosing a marriage mate ?
Associations .
Note the Scriptural principle found at 1 Corinthians 15 : 33 .
( Read . )
A godly person will not mix with those who could endanger his spirituality .
What questions could help you to make practical application ?
For example , how does this apply to social networking ?
Or what should you do if invited to play online games with strangers ?
Will my decisions help me to grow spiritually ?
( See paragraph 17 )
17 - 19 .
How will having a spiritual viewpoint help you ( a ) to avoid vain pursuits ?
( b ) to set goals in life ?
( c ) to deal with disputes ?
Activities that hinder spiritual growth .
Paul’s words to fellow Christians contain a warning . ( Read Hebrews 6 : 1 . )
What are the “ dead works ” that we should avoid ?
Any pursuits that are spiritually dead , vain , or fruitless .
This principle can help us with many questions that could arise in our life , such as : ‘ Does this activity fall in the category of fleshly works ?
Should I get involved in this money - making proposal ?
Why should I not join worldly reform movements ? ’
Will my decisions help me to set spiritual goals ?
( See paragraph 18 )
Spiritual goals .
Jesus ’ words spoken in the Sermon on the Mount give us clear guidance about setting goals .
A spiritual person pursues spiritually oriented goals .
Keeping this principle in mind helps us answer such questions as : ‘ Should I pursue plans for an advanced education ?
Should I accept a certain job offer ? ’
Will my decisions help me to “ be peaceable ” ?
( See paragraph 19 )
Disputes .
How does Paul’s counsel to the congregation in Rome help us in dealing with disputes ?
As followers of Christ , we work to “ be peaceable with all men . ”
When disputes arise , how do we react ?
Do we find it difficult to yield , or are we known as those who are “ making peace ” ? ​ — Jas .
3 : 18 .
Why do you want to move forward spiritually ?
These are just a few examples to show how reflecting on godly principles can help us make decisions that harmonize with what is expected of a spiritual person .
Being spiritually - minded can help us to make our daily life happier and more satisfying .
Robert , whose experience was considered at the beginning of this article , says : “ After I developed a real relationship with Jehovah , I was a better husband and a better father .
I was content and happy . ”
We can enjoy similar blessings if we make spiritual progress our priority .
As spiritual people , we will enjoy a more satisfying life now and “ the real life ” to come . ​ — 1 Tim .
6 : 19 .
FROM OUR ARCHIVES
AS THE boat steamed up the Belfast Lough , a sea inlet , the little cluster of passengers standing on deck caught sight of green hills bathed in early morning light .
It was May 1910 .
For one man in their midst , Charles T .
Russell , this was the fifth trip to Ireland .
Looming before Brother Russell were two massive ocean liners under construction , the ill - fated Titanic and her sister ship Olympic .
* Beyond the shipyard , a dozen Bible Students stood on the quay , awaiting his arrival .
Some 20 years earlier , seeking the best way to spread the good news worldwide , Brother Russell had decided to make a series of tours outside of America .
His first tour started with Ireland , in July 1891 .
Aboard the City of Chicago , he viewed the sunset over the approaching coastline at Queenstown and may well have remembered his parents ’ description of their homeland .
As Brother Russell and his traveling companions passed through tidy towns and beautiful countryside , they realized that here was a field “ ready and waiting to be harvested . ”
Brother Russell visited Ireland seven times in all .
The interest stirred on the first trip evidently led to hundreds , sometimes thousands , turning out to hear him speak on later visits .
By his second trip , in May 1903 , public meetings in Belfast and Dublin were being advertised in local newspapers .
Russell recounted that the “ audiences were very attentive ” to the subject “ The Oath - Bound Promise ” about Abraham’s faith and the future blessings for mankind .
Because of the considerable interest found there , Ireland was also included in Russell’s third European trip .
Five brothers greeted him as he stepped onto the dock at Belfast one April morning in 1908 .
The advertised public talk , “ The Overthrow of Satan’s Empire , ” drew an “ intelligent audience of about 300 ” later that evening .
One objector in their midst was swiftly handled by skillful use of the Scriptures .
In Dublin a more determined opposer ​ — Mr .

O’Connor , secretary of the YMCA ​ — attempted to turn the audience of more than 1,000 against the Bible Students .
What happened ?
Let us go back in time and reconstruct in our minds what could well have happened at that event .
A man interested in finding Bible truth decides to attend a public talk advertised in The Irish Times .

He barely manages to find a seat in the packed auditorium .
The man pays rapt attention to the white - haired , bearded speaker wearing a long black coat .
As the speaker delivers his lecture , he moves across the platform , gesturing freely , methodically building one scripture on another and opening up the man’s ears of understanding to Bible truths .
Even without the use of sound equipment , the speaker’s voice carries to every part of the hall , holding the audience’s attention for one and a half hours .
Then , in a question - and - answer session , he is challenged by O’Connor and friends but ably defends the message with the Bible .
The audience applaud their approval .
When the dust settles , the interested man approaches the brothers to learn more .
According to eyewitness accounts , many learned the truth in this way .
Leaving New York in May 1909 on the Mauretania for his fourth visit , Brother Russell took along a stenographer , Brother Huntsinger , so that the time traveling across the ocean could be used to dictate Watch Tower articles .

Brother Russell’s public talk in Belfast drew 450 locals , about 100 of whom had to stand because of a lack of room .
Brother C .
T .
Russell aboard the Lusitania
The fifth trip , mentioned at the outset , followed the same pattern .
After the public talk in Dublin , a renowned theologian brought along by O’Connor received Scriptural answers to his questions , much to the audience’s enjoyment .
On the next day , the travelers caught the fast mail boat to Liverpool and boarded the famed Lusitania for New York .
*
Public talk advertised in The Irish Times , May 20 , 1910
Advertised public talks were also featured during Brother Russell’s sixth and seventh trips , in 1911 .
In the spring , 20 Bible Students in Belfast hosted 2,000 , who heard the talk “ Hereafter . ”
O’Connor showed up in Dublin with yet another minister asking questions , but the audience applauded the Scriptural replies .
Autumn of the same year saw other towns visited , with good attendances .
O’Connor plus 100 rowdies attempted to disrupt the Dublin meeting once more , but the audience enthusiastically supported the speaker .
Although Brother Russell took the lead in presenting public talks at that time , he recognized that “ no man is indispensable , ” since “ this is not man’s work ; it’s God’s work . ”
Advertised public talks ​ — forerunner of the Public Meeting — ​ provided excellent opportunities to present Scriptural truths .
The result ?
Public talks helped spread the good news , and congregations sprang up in numerous cities throughout Ireland . ​ — From our archives in Britain .
Within two years the Titanic sank .
The Lusitania was torpedoed off the southern coast of Ireland in May 1915 .
Did Jacob become an ancestor of the Messiah as a result of his purchasing Esau’s rights as firstborn ?
We have at times made comments to that effect .
That seemed to agree with what we read at Hebrews 12 : 16 .
That verse says that Esau did “ not appreciate sacred things ” and “ gave up [ to Jacob the ] rights as firstborn in exchange for one meal . ”
This appeared to suggest that when Jacob gained the “ rights as firstborn , ” he also came in line to be an ancestor to the Messiah . ​ — Matt .
1 : 2 , 16 ; Luke 3 : 23 , 34 .
However , a review of Bible accounts shows that a man did not need to be a firstborn son to be an ancestor of the Messiah .
Consider some of the evidence :
Of the sons of Jacob ( Israel ) , his firstborn by Leah was Reuben .
Later , Jacob’s first son by his favored wife , Rachel , was Joseph .
When Reuben became guilty of misconduct , the right of firstborn passed to Joseph .
Still , the Messianic line came down through neither Reuben nor Joseph .
It was through Judah , Jacob’s fourth son by Leah . ​ — Gen .
49 : 10 .
Luke 3 : 32 lists five later links in the line leading to the Messiah .
Each man seems to have been a firstborn .
Thus Boaz fathered Obed , whose son was Jesse . ​ — Ruth 4 : 17 , 20 - 22 ; 1 Chron .
2 : 10 - 12 .
However , Jesse’s son David was not a firstborn .
He was the last of eight sons .
Yet the line of the Messiah was through David .
Similarly , the next link was Solomon , though he was not David’s firstborn . ​ — 2 Sam .
3 : 2 - 5 .
This is not to say that being firstborn was of no importance .
The firstborn son held an honored position and often became the next head of the household .
He was also the son who inherited a double portion of property . ​ — Gen .
43 : 33 ; Deut . 21 : 17 ; Josh .
17 : 1 .
But the right of firstborn could be transferred .
Abraham dismissed Ishmael , passing the firstborn’s right to Isaac .
And as noted , the firstborn’s right was transferred from Reuben to Joseph .
Now let us return to Hebrews 12 : 16 , which reads : “ Watch that among you there is no one who is sexually immoral nor anyone who does not appreciate sacred things , like Esau , who gave up his rights as firstborn in exchange for one meal . ”
What point was being made ?
The apostle Paul was not here discussing the ancestry of the Messiah .
He had just urged Christians to ‘ make straight paths for their feet . ’
Thus they would not ‘ fail to obtain the undeserved kindness of God , ’ which sadly could happen if they engaged in sexual immorality .
If they did that , they would be like Esau .
He failed to “ appreciate sacred things , ” and he literally gave in to what was profane .
Esau lived in patriarchal times , and he may even occasionally have had the privilege of offering sacrifices .
But with his fleshly bent of mind , Esau gave away all such privileges for a bowl of stew .
He may have wanted to avoid the suffering foretold to come on Abraham’s offspring .
Esau also showed himself inclined toward the profane , lacking appreciation for sacred things , by marrying two pagan women , to his parents ’ grief .
What a contrast he was to Jacob , who made sure to marry a worshipper of the true God ! ​ — Gen .
28 : 6 , 7 ; 29 : 10 - 12 , 18 .
Consequently , what can we conclude about the line of descent leading to Jesus , the Messiah ?
Sometimes that line passed to and through the firstborn son ​ — but not always .
The Jews recognized this and accepted it , as when they admitted that the Christ was to descend through David , Jesse’s last son . ​ — Matt .
22 : 42 .
3 Baptism ​ — A Requirement for Christians
8 Parents , Are You Helping Your Child Progress to Baptism ?
What should be our goal when we conduct a Bible study ?
Why would it be a mistake to delay baptism ?
What has caused some Christian parents to encourage their children to postpone getting baptized ?
These questions and others will be addressed in these two articles .
13 Questions From Readers
14 The Delightful Course of Hospitality ​ — So Needed !
The apostle Peter urged Christians in the first century : “ Be hospitable to one another . ”
Why is this counsel so needed in our day ?
What are some practical ways that we can follow it ?
And how can we be good guests ?
This article will consider these questions .
19 Life Story ​ — Jehovah Has Never Failed Me !
23 Discipline ​ — Evidence of God’s Love
28 “ Listen to Discipline and Become Wise ”
These two articles will help us to appreciate more fully the depth of God’s love for us as reflected in his fatherly discipline .
How , though , does God discipline us ?
How should we respond to his discipline ?
And how can we cultivate self - discipline ?
Find the answers in these articles .
“ Why are you delaying ?
Rise , get baptized . ” ​ — ACTS 22 : 16 .
SONGS : 51 , 135
Colossians 1 : 9 , 10
Ecclesiastes 12 : 1
James 4 : 17
What do Christian parents want to be sure of before their children get baptized ?
“ FOR months I kept telling Dad and Mom that I wanted to be baptized , and they often talked to me about it .
They wanted to make sure I knew how serious my decision was .

On December 31 , 1934 , the day came for this momentous event in my life . ”
Blossom Brandt thus described events surrounding her decision to get baptized .
Today , Christian parents have a similar interest in helping their children make wise decisions .
Postponing baptism or delaying it needlessly could invite spiritual problems .
Wisely , however , parents want to be sure that before their children get baptized , they are ready to shoulder the responsibility of Christian discipleship .
( a ) Why have some circuit overseers expressed concern ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
Some circuit overseers have expressed concern because they meet young ones in their late teens and early 20 ’ s who have grown up in Christian households but who have yet to get baptized .
In most cases , these young ones attend congregation meetings and share in the ministry .
They view themselves as Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Yet , for some reason they hold back from dedicating their lives to Jehovah and getting baptized .
What could be the reason for this ?
In some cases , parents have encouraged them to delay baptism .
In this article , we will consider four concerns that have hindered some Christian parents from helping their children progress to baptism .
Blossom’s parents had what concern ?
Blossom’s parents , mentioned in the first paragraph , were understandably concerned whether their daughter was old enough to grasp the significance and seriousness of baptism .
How can parents know if a child is in a position to make a valid dedication ?
How can Jesus ’ command found at Matthew 28 : 19 , 20 help parents as they teach their children ?
Read Matthew 28 : 19 , 20 .
As discussed in the preceding article , the Bible does not specify an age at which a person should get baptized .
However , parents can benefit from reflecting on what it means to make a disciple .
The Greek word translated “ make disciples ” at Matthew 28 : 19 has the sense of teaching with the intent of making pupils , or disciples .
A disciple is one who learns and understands Jesus ’ teachings and who is determined to observe them .
Thus , the goal of all Christian parents should be to teach their children from infancy with the intention of helping them become baptized disciples of Christ .
Granted , an infant would not qualify for baptism .
However , the Bible shows that even relatively young children can grasp and appreciate Bible truths .
5 , 6 . ( a ) The Bible’s description of Timothy leads us to what conclusion about his baptism ?
( b ) How can discerning parents effectively assist their children ?
Timothy was a disciple who made the truth his own at a young age .
The apostle Paul stated that Timothy had learned Scriptural truths from infancy .
Even though Timothy grew up in a religiously divided household , his Jewish mother and grandmother cultivated in him an appreciation for the Scriptures , as the Jews understood them .
As a result , his faith was unshakable .
By the time he was in his late teens or early 20 ’ s , Timothy was a Christian disciple who could be considered for special privileges in the congregation . ​ — Acts 16 : 1 - 3 .
Of course , each child is unique ; not all children become mature at the same rate or at the same point in life .
Some have a good measure of mental and emotional maturity at a young age and express a desire to get baptized .
Others may not be ready for baptism until they are a bit older .
Thus , discerning parents do not pressure their children to get baptized .
Rather , they assist each child to make spiritual advancement in keeping with his or her own growth and progress .
Parents can rejoice when a child takes to heart the thought behind Proverbs 27 : 11 .
( Read . )
However , they should never lose sight of their goal ​ — to have their children become Christian disciples .
With that in mind , parents will want to consider the question , ‘ Does my child have sufficient knowledge to make a dedication to God and get baptized ? ’
Does someone who wants to get baptized need to have an exhaustive knowledge of the Bible ?
Explain .
It is fitting that as teachers in the family , parents want their children to gain a solid foundation of knowledge on which a dedication may be based .
Even so , an exhaustive knowledge is not required before a person can make a dedication to God and get baptized .
After baptism , all disciples should keep on growing in accurate knowledge .
( Read Colossians 1 : 9 , 10 . )
So how much knowledge is initially required ?
8 , 9 .
What lessons can we learn from the account about Paul and the jailer ?
The experience of a family in the first century offers parents some insight .
While on his second missionary tour , about 50 C.E . , Paul visited Philippi .
While there , he and his companion Silas were arrested on false charges and thrown in jail .
During the night , an earthquake shook the foundations of the jail and opened all the doors .
The jailer , fearing that the prisoners had escaped , was on the verge of committing suicide when Paul called out to him .
Paul and Silas were able to give a fine witness to the jailer and his family .
Their appreciation for the truths they were learning about Jesus prompted them to take what step ?
They got baptized without delay .
What can we learn from this account ?
According to custom , the jailer may have been a retired army veteran .
He was not familiar with the Scriptures .
So to gain a solid foundation of Scriptural knowledge , he needed to learn basic Bible truths , understand what it means to be one of God’s servants , and be determined to obey Jesus ’ teachings .
In a relatively brief time , his knowledge of basic Scriptural truths and his appreciation of them prompted him to get baptized .
No doubt he continued to add to his knowledge after his baptism .
With this example in mind , what can you do when your child expresses a heartfelt appreciation for basic Scriptural teachings , including the meaning and significance of dedication and baptism ?
You Christian parents may conclude that he can contact the congregation elders to see if he meets the qualifications to get baptized .
* Like other baptized disciples , he will continue to increase in knowledge of Jehovah’s purpose throughout his life , even for all eternity . ​ — Rom . 11 : 33 , 34 .
10 , 11 . ( a ) What have some parents concluded ?
( b ) What should be a parent’s first concern ?
Some parents have concluded that it would be best for their son or daughter to delay baptism in order first to obtain some advanced education and become secure in a career .
Such reasoning may be well - intentioned , but will it help their child to achieve genuine success ?
More important , is it in harmony with the Scriptures ?
What course does Jehovah’s Word encourage ? ​ — Read Ecclesiastes 12 : 1 .
It is important to remember that this world and all its components are opposed to Jehovah’s interests and thinking .
A close relationship with Jehovah is a child’s best defense against Satan , his world , and its ungodly thinking .
For a parent to place high priority on secular pursuits could confuse a child and jeopardize his best interests .

Would loving Christian parents really want this world to shape their child’s view of success ?
The fact is , we find true joy and success only when we give Jehovah first place in our lives . ​ — Read Psalm 1 : 2 , 3 .
Why have some parents wanted their child to postpone baptism ?
In explaining her reasons for discouraging her daughter from getting baptized , one Christian mother stated , “ I am ashamed to say that the major reason was the disfellowshipping arrangement . ”
Like that sister , some parents have reasoned that it is better for their child to postpone baptism until he has outgrown the childish tendency to behave foolishly .
They may conclude , ‘ As long as my child is not baptized , he cannot be disfellowshipped . ’
Why is this deceptive reasoning ? ​ — Jas . 1 : 22 .
Does delaying baptism make one less accountable to Jehovah ?
Explain .
Understandably , Christian parents would not want their child to get baptized before being mature enough to make a valid dedication .
However , it would be a mistake to conclude that by not being baptized , a child is not accountable to Jehovah .
Why is that ?
Accountability to Jehovah is not founded on the act of getting baptized .
Rather , a child is accountable to God when the child knows what is right and what is wrong in Jehovah’s eyes .
( Read James 4 : 17 . )
Thus , rather than discourage a child from getting baptized , wise parents work hard to set the right example .
They want to cultivate in their child from infancy a heartfelt appreciation for Jehovah’s elevated moral standards .
Such appreciation is the best protection , for your child will be motivated to hold to Jehovah’s righteous way . ​ — Isa .
35 : 8 .
How can the elders reinforce the efforts of parents who are helping their children progress to baptism ?
As spiritual shepherds , congregation elders can reinforce parents ’ efforts by speaking positively about spiritual goals .
One sister who served as a pioneer for more than 70 years recalled the impact of her conversation with Brother Charles T .
Russell when she was only six years old .
She related , “ He took 15 minutes with me to discuss my spiritual goals . ”
Yes , positive words and encouragement can have a long - lasting effect .
Elders can also include parents and their children in Kingdom Hall projects , giving tasks to youths in keeping with their age and abilities .
What are some ways that others in the congregation can encourage young ones ? Members of the congregation can help by demonstrating appropriate personal interest in young ones .
This would include being alert to indications of spiritual progress .
Did a youth give a heartfelt , well - thought - out comment or share in a part on the midweek meeting program ?
Has a youth successfully faced a test of integrity or taken advantage of an opportunity to give a witness at school ?
Be quick to offer sincere commendation .
What about making it a point ​ — before or after a meeting — ​ to talk with a young person , manifesting your genuine interest ?
In these ways and others , young ones can be made to realize that they are part of “ the great congregation . ” ​ — Ps .
35 : 18 .
16 , 17 . ( a ) How does baptism relate to one’s future life prospects ?
( b ) What joy do all Christian parents strive for ?
( See opening picture . )
Bringing up a child in “ the discipline and admonition of Jehovah ” is one of the greatest privileges a Christian parent can have .
Unlike children in the ancient nation of Israel , the children of Christian parents are not born as part of a people dedicated to Jehovah .
Moreover , love for God and for truth is not inherited .

From the day of their child’s birth , parents should have the intent to make a disciple , assisting their child to become a dedicated , baptized servant of Jehovah .
What could be more important ? After all , it is each individual’s dedication , baptism , and faithful service to God that will bring him in line for being marked for salvation during the coming great tribulation . ​ — Matt .
24 : 13 .
Parents should have the goal of helping their child become a disciple ( See paragraphs 16 , 17 )
When Blossom Brandt decided that she wanted to get baptized , her God - fearing parents wanted to be sure that she was ready to take the most important step of her life .
Once they were certain that she was ready , they supported her decision .
On the night before her baptism , her father did a beautiful thing .
Blossom related : “ He had all of us get on our knees , and he offered a prayer .
He told Jehovah that he was so happy about his little girl’s decision to dedicate her life to Him . ”
More than 60 years later , Blossom stated : “ You can be sure , in all the ages to come , I’ll never forget that night ! ”
May you parents experience the joy and satisfaction that result from seeing your children become dedicated , baptized servants of Jehovah .
Parents can review with their child the helpful information in Questions Young People Ask ​ — Answers That Work , Volume 2 , pp . 304 - 310 .
See also the “ Question Box ” in Our Kingdom Ministry , April 2011 , p . 2 .
“ Baptism . . . is also now saving you . ” ​ — 1 PET . 3 : 21 .
SONGS : 52 , 41
1 Peter 3 : 20 , 21
Matthew 28 : 19 , 20
Acts 22 : 16
1 , 2 . ( a ) How do some Christian parents respond when their child asks to get baptized ?
( b ) Why are baptism candidates asked if they have made a dedication to Jehovah ?
( See opening picture . )
AS HER Christian parents looked on , a young girl , whom we will call Maria , stood up with the other baptism candidates .
In a loud , clear voice , she answered two questions that the speaker posed .
Shortly afterward , she got baptized .
Maria’s parents were proud of their daughter’s decision to make an unreserved dedication to Jehovah and to get baptized .
Even so , earlier her mother had some lingering questions . She had asked herself : ‘ Is Maria too young to get baptized ?
Does she really understand the seriousness of what she is doing ?
Would it be better to have her wait before getting baptized ? ’
These are questions that many loving parents ask themselves when a child expresses the desire to get baptized .
After all , dedication and baptism are the most important steps in a Christian’s life . ​ — See the box “ Have You Dedicated Yourself to Jehovah ? ”
3 , 4 . ( a ) How did the apostle Peter illustrate the importance of baptism ?
( b ) Why can baptism be likened to constructing the ark in Noah’s day ?
In discussing baptism , the apostle Peter referred to Noah’s constructing of the ark : “ Baptism , which corresponds to this , is also now saving you . ”
( Read 1 Peter 3 : 20 , 21 . )
The ark was a physical structure that provided undeniable visible evidence that Noah was devoted to the doing of God’s will .
Noah faithfully fulfilled the work assignment that Jehovah had given him .
Yes , visible acts of faith led to the preservation of Noah and his family through the Flood .
What is the point of Peter’s illustration ?
Just as the ark amounted to evidence of Noah’s faith , baptism before onlookers provides visible evidence .
What does it show ? That a Christian disciple has dedicated himself to Jehovah on the basis of faith in the resurrected Christ .
Like Noah , dedicated disciples obediently carry on in the work that God has assigned them to do .
Just as Noah was preserved through the Flood , loyal baptized ones will be preserved when the present wicked world meets its end .
This makes dedication and baptism very important .
A person who needlessly delays getting baptized endangers his prospects for everlasting life .

What will we consider in this article ?
In view of how serious baptism is , three questions deserve our attention . What does the Bible say about baptism ?
What steps must a person take before getting baptized ?
Why should a Christian teacher have the importance of baptism clearly in mind when teaching his child or another Bible student ?
6 , 7 . ( a ) Explain the significance of John’s baptism . ( b ) What unique baptism did John perform ?
We first read of baptism in the Bible in reference to that performed by John the Baptist .
Those submitting to John’s baptism did so as evidence of their repentance over sins against the Mosaic Law .
It is noteworthy , however , that the most important baptism that John performed had nothing to do with repentance .
John had the unique privilege of baptizing Jesus , the perfect human Son of God .
Jesus was without sin , so he did not need to repent .
His baptism symbolized the presenting of himself to do God’s will . ​ — Heb .
10 : 7 .
During the course of Jesus ’ earthly ministry , his disciples also performed baptisms .
Like those performed by John , these baptisms symbolized the individuals ’ repentance over sins against the Mosaic Law .
However , after Jesus ’ death and resurrection , baptism would take on a much different meaning for his followers .
( a ) After his resurrection , Jesus gave what command to his followers ?
( b ) Explain the significance of Christian baptism .
In 33 C.E . , the resurrected Jesus appeared to a crowd of more than 500 men , women , and possibly even children .
It may have been on that occasion that he said : “ Go , therefore , and make disciples of people of all the nations , baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the holy spirit , teaching them to observe all the things I have commanded you . ”
Yes , it seems that hundreds of his followers were present when Jesus gave the commission to make disciples .
Jesus thus revealed that baptism would be a requirement for those who accept the yoke of Christian discipleship .

Anyone who wished to serve God acceptably would have to acknowledge and accept Jesus ’ role in the outworking of Jehovah’s purpose .
After doing so , that person could get baptized .
This would be the only water baptism having God’s approval .
The Bible record provides abundant evidence that in the first century , new disciples of Christ understood the significance of baptism .
And they did not unnecessarily delay getting baptized . ​ — Acts 2 : 41 ; 9 : 18 ; 16 : 14 , 15 , 32 , 33 .
9 , 10 .
What can we learn about baptism from the Ethiopian proselyte and from the apostle Paul ?
Read Acts 8 : 35 , 36 .
Consider the example of the Ethiopian proselyte who was returning home after going to Jerusalem to worship .
Prompted by Jehovah’s angel , Philip approached the Ethiopian and “ declared to him the good news about Jesus . ”
What was the Ethiopian’s response ?
What he did next gave clear evidence of his heartfelt appreciation for the truths he had learned .
He desired to work in harmony with Jehovah’s arrangement , so he got baptized without delay .
A second example is that of a Jewish man who was persecuting Christians .
He was born in a nation that was dedicated to God . However , the Jews had lost their special relationship with Jehovah .
That man was zealous for the traditions of Judaism , but he learned a better way .
He received a personal witness from the resurrected and glorified Jesus Christ .
What was the man’s response ?
He welcomed assistance from the Christian disciple Ananias .
Regarding that man the Bible tells us : “ He then got up and was baptized . ”
You certainly recognize that Jewish man as the one who came to be known as the apostle Paul .
But reflect on the fact that once he gained appreciation for the truth about Jesus ’ role in the outworking of God’s purpose , Paul acted .
He got baptized without delay . ​ — Read Acts 22 : 12 - 16 .
( a ) What motivates Bible students today to get baptized ?
( b ) How are we affected when we see newly dedicated ones get baptized ?
It is much the same with Bible students today , whether young or old .
Those who have faith and genuine appreciation for Bible truth are eager to make a personal dedication and get baptized .
The talk presented especially for such ones is a highlight of every assembly and convention .
Jehovah’s Witnesses rejoice when a Bible student accepts the truth and progresses to the point of water baptism .
Do not Christian parents delight to see their children among the other new disciples getting baptized ?
During the 2017 service year , more than 284,000 “ rightly disposed ” individuals symbolized their dedication to Jehovah by water baptism .
Clearly , those new disciples understood that baptism is a requirement for Christians .
What steps led up to their baptism ?
What steps must a Bible student take before baptism ?
Before a student can get baptized , he must cultivate faith based on accurate knowledge of God , His purpose , and His arrangement for salvation .
Such faith moves the student to reject conduct that is displeasing to God and to come in line with Jehovah’s righteous standards .
Understandably , an individual could not make a valid dedication to God while engaging in any conduct that would exclude him from the Kingdom .
But more is needed than adhering to Jehovah’s elevated moral standards .
One who is pursuing righteousness would also be present at congregation meetings and have a meaningful share in the lifesaving preaching and disciple - making work .
Jesus said that this work would be carried out by his true disciples .
Only after taking such steps can a new disciple make a valid dedication to Jehovah in private prayer and then publicly symbolize this dedication by getting baptized before onlookers .
Do you bear in mind the importance of baptism , conveying that to your student ?
( See paragraph 13 )
Why must Bible teachers bear in mind that baptism is a Christian requirement ?
As we assist our children and other Bible students to take the essential steps , we should bear in mind that genuine discipleship includes baptism .
If we keep that clearly in mind , we will communicate more effectively with our students .
We will not hold back from discussing at appropriate times the importance of dedication and baptism .
Yes , we want our children and other Bible students to progress to the point of baptism !
Why do we not pressure anyone to get baptized ?
Certainly , no one should feel pressured by a parent , a Bible teacher , or anyone else in the congregation to get baptized .
That is not Jehovah’s way .
Rather , as we teach such ones , we ought to emphasize the importance of building a personal relationship with God .
It is the student’s heartfelt appreciation for the truth and his desire to shoulder the yoke of Christian discipleship that will move him to get baptized . ​ — 2 Cor .
5 : 14 , 15 .
15 , 16 . ( a ) Is there a certain age at which one should get baptized ?
Explain . ( b ) Why must a Bible student get baptized as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses even if he was previously baptized in another religion ?
There is no set age at which one should get baptized .
Each student grows and matures at a different rate .
Many get baptized at a young age , and they go on to be faithful to Jehovah .
Other students see the importance of getting baptized after learning Bible truth when advanced in years ​ — some being over 100 years of age !
One elderly Bible student asked her teacher if it was really necessary to get baptized again ; she had previously been baptized in different religions over the years .
The student and her teacher reviewed pertinent scriptures from the Bible .
The student now understood the Bible’s requirement and got baptized soon thereafter .
Although in her late 70 ’ s , she did not feel that baptism was unnecessary for her .
Yes , valid baptism is based on an accurate knowledge of Jehovah’s will .
Hence , new disciples must get baptized even if they previously were baptized in another religion . ​ — Read Acts 19 : 3 - 5 .
What is it appropriate to contemplate on the day of one’s baptism ?
The day of one’s baptism is a time for genuine rejoicing .
It is also a time for sober reflection .
Living up to one’s dedication involves hard work .
That is why Jesus compared Christian discipleship to a yoke .
Jesus ’ disciples must “ live no longer for themselves , but for him who died for them and was raised up . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
5 : 15 ; Matt .
16 : 24 .
What questions will we consider in the next article ?
Maria’s mother had such thoughts in mind when she asked the questions mentioned in the introduction .
If you are a parent , you may have asked yourself : ‘ Is my child really ready to get baptized ?
Does he or she have adequate knowledge to make a valid dedication ?

What about secular goals associated with education and a career ?
What if my child gets baptized and then falls into serious sin ? ’
In the next article , we will consider these matters and discuss how Christian parents can maintain a balanced view of baptism .
Before qualified Bible students are baptized as Jehovah’s Witnesses , they are asked in front of onlookers to respond to two questions .
The first question is , “ On the basis of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ , have you repented of your sins and dedicated yourself to Jehovah to do his will ? ”
Why is it reasonable to conclude that individuals who present themselves for baptism have already made an unreserved dedication to Jehovah ?
Just about a year before Jesus gave the commission to “ make disciples . . . , baptizing them , ” he provided insight into what would be required of his followers .
In a discussion with his apostles and other disciples , he said : “ If anyone wants to come after me , let him disown himself and pick up his torture stake and keep following me . ” ​ — Matt .
16 : 24 .
Jesus ’ whole life revolved around doing his Father’s will .
Thus , Bible students who wish to observe all the things that Jesus commanded must disown themselves , dedicating themselves unreservedly to Jehovah .
In imitation of Jesus , they consider Jehovah’s will to be paramount in their lives .
When presenting themselves for baptism , such new disciples confirm that they have disowned themselves and are determined to serve God with all their strength , means , and abilities .
For these reasons , baptism candidates are asked to confirm that they have dedicated themselves to Jehovah to do his will .
“ Be hospitable to one another without grumbling . ” ​ — 1 PET . 4 : 9 .
SONGS : 100 , 87
the need for hospitality within the congregation ?
opportunities we have to extend hospitality ?
overcoming barriers to extending hospitality ?
What conditions did first - century Christians face ?
SOMETIME between the years 62 and 64 C.E . , the apostle Peter wrote to “ the temporary residents scattered about in Pontus , Galatia , Cappadocia , Asia , and Bithynia . ”
These culturally diverse congregations in Asia Minor needed encouragement and guidance .
They were suffering opposition and were subjected to abusive speech .
They faced “ fiery trials . ”
And they lived at a critical time .
“ The end of all things has drawn close , ” wrote Peter .
Yes , the violent end of the Jewish system of things would come in less than a decade .
What could help Christians everywhere to get through those stressful times ? ​ — 1 Pet . 4 : 4 , 7 , 12 .
2 , 3 .
Why did Peter urge his brothers to show hospitality ?
( See opening picture . )
Among other things , Peter urged his brothers : “ Be hospitable to one another . ”
The word “ hospitality ” in Greek literally means “ fondness for , or kindness to , strangers . ”
Note , however , that Peter urged his Christian brothers and sisters to be hospitable “ to one another , ” to those whom they already knew and associated with .
How would being hospitable help them ?
It would draw them together .
Consider your own experience .
Have you had the pleasure of being invited to someone’s home ?
Did that occasion not leave you with warm memories ?
When you entertained some from your congregation , was your friendship not deepened ?
By extending hospitality , we get to know our brothers and sisters in a more personal way than we can in other settings .
Christians in Peter’s day needed to draw ever closer as conditions grew worse .
The same is true for Christians in these “ last days . ” ​ — 2 Tim .
3 : 1 .
What questions will we consider in this article ?
What opportunities do we have for extending hospitality “ to one another ” ?
How can we overcome barriers that may hinder us from being hospitable ?
What can help us be good guests ?
How can we be hospitable at our Christian meetings ?
At meetings : We welcome all who attend our Christian meetings as fellow guests at a spiritual meal .
Jehovah and his organization are our hosts .
When new ones attend , we become cohosts , as it were .
Why not take the initiative to welcome these new ones , no matter how they may be dressed or groomed ?
If a visitor is not already being cared for , could you invite him to sit with you ?
He might appreciate help to follow the program and perhaps to find scriptures being read .
This would be a fine way to “ follow the course of hospitality . ” ​ — Rom .
12 : 13 .
Who should be among the primary guests in our homes ?
For refreshments or a meal : In Bible times , hospitality normally included inviting someone to one’s home for a meal .
An invitation to share food was an invitation to friendship and peace .
Who should be among our primary guests ?
Those who are a regular part of our lives , the brothers and sisters in our congregation .
When hard times come , will we not depend on one another ?
We need loyal friendships and peace with all of them .
Interestingly , in 2011 the Governing Body changed the time of the Watchtower Study for the United States Bethel family from 6 : 45 p.m . to 6 : 15 p.m .
Why ?
The announcement stated that more will likely be inclined to show and accept hospitality with fellow Bethelites when the meeting ends earlier .
Other branch offices followed suit .
This arrangement has drawn Bethel families closer than ever .
7 , 8 .
How can we provide hospitality to visiting representatives of Jehovah’s organization ?
Visits of public speakers from other congregations , as well as visits of circuit overseers and , at times , representatives from the local branch office , provide opportunities for us to extend hospitality .
( Read 3 John 5 - 8 . )
Providing refreshments or a meal is one fine way of doing this .
Could you assist ?
A sister in the United States remembers : “ Over the years , my husband and I have had the opportunity to provide hospitality in our home for many speakers and their wives .
Every experience has been a delight ​ — fun and , most of all , spiritually edifying .
We have never regretted it . ”
9 , 10 . ( a ) Who may need long - term hospitality ?
( b ) Can even those who have modest dwellings assist ?
Illustrate .
Long - term guests : In ancient times , hospitality often included providing lodging for trustworthy visitors .
In our day , too , such a need arises .
Circuit overseers often need lodging when they visit the congregations .
Students at theocratic schools may need places to stay , as may construction volunteers .
Natural disasters may leave some families homeless and in need of lodging until relief efforts can restore their dwellings .
We should not assume that only those who have very comfortable homes are in a position to help ; they may already have done so many times .
Could you share in offering accommodations even if your circumstances are modest ?
A brother in South Korea fondly remembers that he provided accommodations for students attending theocratic schools .
He writes : “ I hesitated initially because we were newly married and living in a small house .
But having students stay with us was truly a joyous experience .
As newlyweds , we were able to see how happy a couple can be when they serve Jehovah and pursue spiritual goals together . ”
Why may those who are new to your congregation need hospitality ?
New to the congregation : Individuals and families may move to your area .
Some may come to serve where the need is greater .
Pioneers may be sent to assist in your congregation .
All of them are initially out of their element to some extent ​ — in a new community , new congregation , perhaps even a new language or culture .
Inviting them for refreshments , a meal , or an outing will help them to make new friends and adjust to their changed circumstances .
What experience shows that hospitality need not be elaborate ?
Hospitality need not be elaborate .
( Read Luke 10 : 41 , 42 . )
In recounting the early days of his service as a missionary , a brother says : “ We were young , inexperienced , and homesick .
One evening my wife was particularly homesick , and my efforts to help were not working .
Then , about 7 : 30 p.m . , we heard a knock on the door .
There stood a Bible student who brought us three oranges .
She had come to welcome the new missionaries .
We invited her in and gave her a glass of water .
Then we made tea and hot chocolate .
We didn’t know Swahili yet , and she didn’t know English .
But that incident began our greatest delight in forging friendships with the local brothers . ”
What benefits come from being hospitable ?
Have you held back from offering hospitality ?
If so , you may have missed out on opportunities for delightful company and for forming lasting friendships .
Hospitality is one of the finest antidotes to loneliness .
But you may wonder , ‘ Why would anyone hold back ? ’
There could be a number of reasons .
What might we do if having little time and energy limits our accepting or extending hospitality ?
Time and energy : Jehovah’s servants are very busy and often have multiple commitments .
Some may feel that they simply do not have the time or energy to show hospitality .
If that is your situation , it may be that you need to examine your current schedule of activities .
Could you make some adjustments so that you will have time and energy to accept or offer hospitality ?
The Scriptures urge Christians to extend hospitality .
It is not wrong to make time for this ; actually , it is the right thing to do .
You may , of course , need to be willing to limit some optional activities .
What anxieties about extending hospitality might some have ?
Your feelings about yourself : Have you ever wanted to be hospitable but felt inadequate ?
Some are shy and fear that conversation would lag or that guests might not feel entertained .
Others have limited income and believe that they could never offer what other members of the congregation could .
Remember , of prime importance about a home is , not that it is fancy , but that it is orderly , clean , and inviting .
16 , 17 .
What may alleviate worries about having guests ?
If you feel anxious about having guests , you are not alone .
An elder in Britain admits : “ There can be a measure of nervousness in preparing for guests .
But as with anything in relation to serving Jehovah , the benefits and satisfaction that result far outweigh any anxiety .
I have enjoyed simply sitting down with guests over coffee and talking . ”
Remember that showing personal interest in guests is always helpful .
Nearly everyone enjoys sharing his experiences in life .
Social occasions may be the only times others ask to hear about our experiences .
Another elder writes : “ Having friends from the congregation to my home helps me to understand them better and gives me time to get to know them , especially how they came into the truth . ”

Loving interest can make any occasion a delight .
A pioneer sister who hosted students attending various theocratic schools admitted : “ Initially I was concerned because my accommodations are very modest , and I have secondhand furniture .
The wife of one of the instructors really put me at ease .
She said that when she and her husband are serving in the traveling work , their best weeks are those spent staying with a spiritual person who may not have much materially but who has the same focus as they have ​ — serving Jehovah and keeping life simple .
This reminded me of what my mum used to say to us as children : ‘ Better a dish of vegetables where there’s love . ’ ”
Let love motivate your hospitality , and you need not worry .
18 , 19 .
How can being hospitable help us overcome negative feelings about others ?
Your feelings about others : Is there someone in your congregation who rubs you the wrong way ?
Your initial feelings about that person may be negative and can become long - lasting if nothing is done to improve them .
Personality differences may neutralize your good intentions to extend hospitality .
Or someone may have hurt you in the past , and you find it hard to forget .

To improve relationships , even with enemies , the Bible recommends hospitality .
( Read Proverbs 25 : 21 , 22 . )
Extending hospitality to someone can reduce friction and soften hard feelings .
It can bring to the surface lovable aspects of our guest’s personality , aspects that Jehovah saw when he drew that one to the truth .
If extended with love , an unexpected invitation can be the start of a completely changed relationship .
How can you make sure that love is your honest motive ?
One way is by following the encouragement given at Philippians 2 : 3 : “ With humility consider others superior to you . ”

Finding ways that our brothers or sisters are superior to us ​ — be it their faith , endurance , fearlessness , or some other Christian quality — ​ will deepen our love for them and open the way for genuine and healing hospitality .
Hosts usually prepare well for their guests ( See paragraph 20 )

Why and how should we honor an invitation we have accepted ?
The psalmist David asked : “ O Jehovah , who may be a guest in your tent ? ”
He followed that question with a discussion of spiritual qualities that God looks for in his guests .
One quality is being true to our word : “ He does not go back on his promise , even when it is bad for him . ”
If we accept an invitation , we should not cancel frivolously .
Our host may well have made preparations , and all his effort may be for nothing if we cancel .
Some have at times canceled a previous invitation in order to accept a seemingly better one .
Would that be loving and respectful ?
Rather , we should accept hospitality with genuine appreciation for whatever our hosts have to offer .
And if truly unavoidable circumstances force us to cancel , it would be loving and considerate to let our hosts know as soon as possible .
How can respecting local customs contribute to our being good guests ?
It is also important to respect local customs .
In some cultures , unexpected guests are welcome ; in others , prior arrangements are preferred .
In some places , hosts honor guests with the finest they have to offer , letting family take second place ; in others , everyone shares alike .
In some areas , guests normally bring something to contribute to the occasion ; in others , hosts are happier when their guests feel no such obligation .
And in some cultures , it is expected that guests politely decline the first invitation or two ; in others , to decline comes across as unappreciative .
Let us do our utmost to make our hosts happy that they invited us .
Why is it so important to “ be hospitable to one another ” ?
In a broader sense than ever , “ the end of all things has drawn close . ”
We face the greatest tribulation the world has ever seen .
As pressures mount , we will need the deepest of love between us and our brothers and sisters .
As never before , Peter’s counsel to Christians applies : “ Be hospitable to one another , ” a delightful and needed course that will have no end . ​ — 1 Pet . 4 : 9 .
LIFE STORY
As told by Erika Nöhrer Bright
I was among four little girls chosen to present Adolf Hitler with flowers after he gave a speech one time .
Why was I picked ?
My father was very involved in Nazi activities and was the chauffeur for the leader of a local branch of that party .
My mother was a devout Catholic and wanted me to be a nun .
Despite these two strong influences , I became neither a Nazi nor a nun .
Let me tell you why .
I WAS raised in Graz , Austria .
At age seven , I was sent to a school for religious training .
However , I witnessed shocking sexual immorality between priests and nuns .
So my mother allowed me to leave the school within a year .
Our family with Father in his military uniform Later , I went to boarding school .
One night , Father came there to take me to safety because Graz was being heavily bombed .
We took refuge in the town of Schladming .
Just after we arrived and crossed a bridge , it was blown up .
Another time , low - flying airplanes shot at my grandmother and me in our yard .
By war’s end , it seemed that both the church and the government had failed us .

In 1950 , one of Jehovah’s Witnesses began sharing the Bible’s message with my mother .
I would listen to their conversations and even accompany Mother to some congregation meetings .
Becoming convinced that Jehovah’s Witnesses had the truth , she got baptized in 1952 .
At the time , the local congregation seemed to me like an old - ladies ’ club .
Later , however , we visited a congregation where there were many young people ​ — not an old - ladies ’ club at all !
When back in Graz , I started attending all the meetings , and soon I too was convinced that what I was learning was the truth .
I also came to know Jehovah as a God who gives his servants unfailing support .
He does so even when we feel that we are facing impossible circumstances alone . ​ — Ps . 3 : 5 , 6 .
I wanted to share the truth with others .
I started with my siblings .
My four older sisters had already left home to work as schoolteachers .

But I visited them in different villages and encouraged them to study the Bible .
Eventually , all my siblings did so and became Jehovah’s Witnesses .
During my second week in the door - to - door ministry , I met a woman in her 30 ’ s with whom I began to study the Bible .
She progressed to baptism , and later , so did her husband and two sons .
That study had a profound spiritual effect on me .
Why ?
Well , no one had ever had a formal Bible study with me .
I had to prepare well for each lesson .
In a sense , I did so first to teach myself and then so that I could teach my student !
That really deepened my appreciation for the truth .
In April 1954 , I symbolized my dedication to Jehovah by water baptism .
In 1955 , I attended international conventions in Germany , France , and England .
While in London , I met Albert Schroeder .
He was an instructor at the Bible School of Gilead , and later he served as a member of the Governing Body .
During a tour of the British Museum , Brother Schroeder pointed out to us some Bible manuscripts .
They contained God’s name in Hebrew letters , and he explained their importance .
This touched me emotionally and spiritually , making me more determined than ever to promote the truth from God’s Word .
With my partner ( right ) , serving as special pioneers in Mistelbach , Austria
I began serving as a full - time pioneer on January 1 , 1956 .
Four months later , I was invited to serve as a special pioneer in Austria .
At the time , there were no Witnesses in Mistelbach , the town where I was to serve .
But I faced a particular challenge .
My pioneer partner and I were quite different .
I was almost 19 and from the city ; she was 25 and a country girl .
I liked to sleep late each morning ; she liked to get up early .
Come evening , I was inclined to stay up ; she wanted to go to bed early .
Still , applying the Bible’s advice , we worked out our differences and enjoyed success as pioneer partners .
Actually , we faced other significant challenges .
There was even some persecution , but we were “ not abandoned . ”
Once , while we were preaching in a rural village , the people turned their dogs loose .
My partner and I were soon surrounded by large dogs barking and baring their teeth .
We held hands , and I even prayed , “ Jehovah , please , when they get us , may we die quickly ! ”
When the dogs came within an arm’s length of us , they stopped , wagged their tails , and walked away .
We felt that Jehovah had protected us .
After that , we preached throughout that village , and to our delight , the people were very receptive .
Perhaps they were surprised that the dogs had not harmed us or that we had persevered after such a frightening experience .
Some of them eventually became Witnesses .
We had another frightening experience .
One day our landlord came home drunk , threatening to kill us and claiming that we were disturbing the neighborhood .
His wife tried to calm him but without success .
We heard all of that from our room upstairs .
We quickly put chairs in front of our door and started packing our suitcases .
When we opened the door , our landlord was standing at the top of the stairs , holding a huge knife .
So we fled through the back door and down the long garden path with all our belongings , never to return .
We went to a hotel and asked for a room .
As it turned out , we stayed there for almost a year , which ultimately benefited our ministry .
How so ?
The hotel was in the center of town , and some of our Bible students wanted to study there .
Soon we were holding the book study and the weekly Watchtower Study in our hotel room , with about 15 attending .
We stayed in Mistelbach for more than a year . Then I was reassigned to Feldbach , southeast of Graz .
I had a new pioneer partner , but again there was no congregation .
We lived in a tiny room on the second floor of a log cabin .
The wind whistled through the gaps between the logs , so we tried to block the holes with newspapers .
We also had to collect water from a well .
But it was worth it .
Within a few months , a group was established .
Eventually , some 30 members of a family with whom we studied came into the truth !
Such experiences strengthened my appreciation for Jehovah’s unfailing support of those who pursue Kingdom interests .
Even if we are beyond the reach of human help , Jehovah is always there . ​ — Ps . 121 : 1 - 3 .
In 1958 an international convention was to be held in New York City , at Yankee Stadium and Polo Grounds .
I applied to attend , and the Austria branch asked whether I would be interested in attending the 32nd class of Gilead School .
How could I refuse such a privilege ?
I immediately responded , “ Yes ! ”
In class at Gilead , I sat next to Martin Poetzinger .
He had endured dreadful experiences in Nazi concentration camps .
He too later served as a member of the Governing Body . During class , Martin would sometimes whisper , “ Erika , what does that mean in German ? ”
Halfway through the course , Nathan Knorr announced our assignments .
Mine was to Paraguay .
Because I was so young , I needed my father’s permission to enter that country .
After obtaining that , I arrived in Paraguay in March 1959 .
I was assigned to a missionary home in Asunción , with a new partner .
Before long , I met Walter Bright , a missionary who had graduated from the 30th class .
In time , we married and could face life’s challenges together .

Whenever we encountered a trying problem , we read Jehovah’s promise at Isaiah 41 : 10 : “ Do not be afraid , for I am with you .
Do not be anxious , for I am your God . I will fortify you . ”
This reassured us that as long as we strove to remain faithful to God and put his Kingdom first , he would never fail us .
In time , we were assigned to an area close to the Brazil border .
There the clergy incited young people to throw rocks at our missionary home , which was already not in the best condition .
Then Walter started a Bible study with the chief of police .
He made sure that police officers stood near our home for a week , and the persecutors gave us no more trouble .
Shortly thereafter , we were moved to more suitable quarters across the Brazilian border .
This proved to be advantageous because we could hold meetings both in Paraguay and in Brazil .
Before we left that assignment , there were two small congregations .
With my husband , Walter , when we were serving as missionaries in Asunción , Paraguay
My doctors had told me that I could not have children , so we were surprised to learn in 1962 that I was expecting !
We eventually settled in Hollywood , Florida , near Walter’s family .
For a number of years , Walter and I were not in a position to pioneer . We had to care for a family .
Still , we continued to give priority to Kingdom interests . ​ — Matt .
6 : 33 .
When we arrived in Florida in November 1962 , we were surprised to find that local sentiments about integration meant that black brothers held their meetings separately from white brothers and that they preached in separate areas .
But Jehovah does not make racial distinctions , and before too long the congregations became racially integrated .
Jehovah’s hand in this arrangement was apparent , as there are now dozens of congregations in the area .
Sadly , Walter died of brain cancer in 2015 .
He was a wonderful husband for 55 years , one who loved Jehovah and helped many brothers .
I look forward to seeing him again in renewed health when he is resurrected . ​ — Acts 24 : 15 .
I am grateful to have been in the full - time service for over 40 years , experiencing many joys and rewards .
For example , Walter and I were able to be present for the baptisms of 136 of our Bible students .
Of course , there were some hardships .
But we never viewed these as a reason to stop serving our faithful God .
Instead , we drew closer to him , trusting him to resolve matters in his own time and in his own way .
And he does ! ​ — 2 Tim .
4 : 16 , 17 .
I do miss Walter very much , but pioneering helps me to cope .
I find it especially beneficial to teach others , even sharing the resurrection hope with them .
Indeed , in more ways than I can recount , Jehovah has never failed me .
True to his promise , he has sustained me , fortified me , and taken hold of me with his “ right hand of righteousness . ” ​ — Isa .
41 : 10 .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :

Two brothers offer a tract to a painter on the bridge in front of Kaštilac , a fortress built in the 16th century , near the city of Split
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2016 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
Frankly , no man today can be certain of Paul’s appearance .
The drawings and paintings in our publications are artistic representations , not images based on proven archaeological facts .
However , there are some indications of Paul’s appearance .
For example , Zion’s Watch Tower of March 1 , 1902 , mentioned one , saying : “ As to Paul’s personal appearance : . . .
In the ‘ Acts of Paul and Thecla , ’ . . . written about A . D . 150 , there is a description of Paul which is probably the best , and a true tradition .
In this he is described as ‘ small in size , bald - headed , bandy - legged , well built , with eyebrows meeting ; rather long nosed . ’ ”
The Oxford Dictionary of the Christian Church ( 1997 edition ) says about that ancient writing : “ It is not impossible that the ‘ Acts ’ contain some elements of historical truth . ”
The Acts of Paul and Thecla was highly regarded in early centuries , as confirmed by the fact that 80 Greek manuscripts of it exist , as well as versions in other languages .
Thus , our artistic presentations are in line with some ancient indications of what the apostle looked like .
Bear in mind , though , that other things are more significant than Paul’s appearance .
Even while Paul was carrying on his ministry , some fleshly critics charged that “ his presence in person [ was ] weak and his speech contemptible . ”
But we should not forget that he became a Christian by a miraculous display from Jesus .
We can also think about what Paul accomplished as “ a chosen vessel to [ Christ ] to bear [ Jesus ’ ] name to the nations . ”
And consider how much benefit we can draw from the Bible books that Jehovah inspired Paul to write .
Paul did not boast over his accomplishments before becoming a Christian ; nor did he describe his physical appearance .
He admitted : “ I am the least of the apostles , and I am not worthy of being called an apostle . ”
He later wrote : “ To me , a man less than the least of all holy ones , this undeserved kindness was given , so that I should declare to the nations the good news about the unfathomable riches of the Christ . ”
That message is certainly more significant than any concern about what Paul may have looked like .
“ Those whom Jehovah loves he disciplines . ” ​ — HEB .
12 : 6 .
SONGS : 123 , 86
What has Shebna’s experience taught you about God’s discipline ?
When giving discipline , how can we imitate Jehovah and his Son ?
We can view discipline as preparing us for what ?
How is discipline often presented in the Bible ?
WHEN you hear the word “ discipline , ” what comes to mind ?
Perhaps you immediately think of punishment , but much more is involved .
In the Bible , discipline is often presented in an appealing light , at times alongside knowledge , wisdom , love , and life .
That is because God’s discipline is an expression of his love for us and of his desire that we gain everlasting life .

While his discipline may include chastisement , it is never abusive or cruel .
Indeed , the meaning behind “ discipline ” primarily relates to education , such as that involved in raising a beloved child .
2 , 3 .
How may discipline include both teaching and punishment ?
( See opening picture . )
Consider this example : A little boy named Johnny is throwing a ball in the house .
His mother says : “ Johnny , you know that you should not play with your ball in the house !
You might break something . ”
But disregarding his mother’s direction , he continues to play with the ball and accidentally breaks a vase .
How will his mother discipline him ?
Her discipline may involve both teaching and some punishment .
In teaching him , she may remind Johnny why his conduct was wrong . She wants to convey to him the wisdom of obeying his parents , explaining that their rules are necessary and reasonable .
Then reinforcing her words , she may administer some form of appropriate punishment .
For example , she might take the ball away from Johnny for a period of time .
That may impress on him that disobedience has consequences .
As members of the Christian congregation , we are part of God’s household .
We therefore respect Jehovah’s right both to set standards and to give loving discipline when we violate them .
Moreover , if our actions caused unpleasant consequences , his discipline would remind us of just how important it is to listen to our heavenly Father .
God cares deeply for us and wants to spare us heartache . ​ — 1 Pet .

5 : 6 , 7 .

( a ) Jehovah blesses what kind of training ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
By giving Scriptural discipline , we can help our child or a Bible student to reach the goal of becoming a follower of Christ .
God’s Word , our primary tool for training , enables us to ‘ discipline in righteousness . ’
Thus our child or Bible student can be helped to understand and ‘ observe all the things Jesus commanded us . ’
Jehovah blesses this kind of training , which equips students to make yet more disciples of Christ .
( Read Titus 2 : 11 - 14 . )
Let us now consider the answers to three important questions : ( 1 ) How does God’s discipline reflect his love for us ?
( 2 ) What can we learn from those whom God disciplined in the past ?
( 3 ) When we give discipline , how can we imitate Jehovah and his Son ?
In what ways does discipline from Jehovah reflect his love for us ?

Motivated by love , Jehovah corrects , educates , and trains us so that we can remain in his love and on the path to life .
He never demeans or insults us , causing us to question our personal value .
Rather , Jehovah dignifies us , appealing to the goodness in our heart and respecting our free will .
Is that how you view God’s discipline , whether it comes through his Word , Bible - based publications , Christian parents , or congregation elders ?
Indeed , elders who try to readjust us in a mild and loving manner when we take “ a false step , ” perhaps unknowingly , reflect Jehovah’s love for us . ​ — Gal .
6 : 1 .
When discipline involves restrictions , how does this reflect God’s love ?
At times , though , discipline may involve more than counsel or oral correction .
If more serious sins are involved , it may include a loss of privileges in the congregation .
Even when that is the case , such discipline reflects God’s love for us .
A loss of privileges , for example , can help a person realize how important it is for him to focus more on personal Bible study , meditation , and prayer .
He can thus be strengthened spiritually .
In time , privileges may be restored .
Even disfellowshipping reflects Jehovah’s love , for it protects the congregation from bad influences .
And because God disciplines to the proper degree , disfellowshipping can impress on the wrongdoer the seriousness of his sin and move him to repentance . ​ — Acts 3 : 19 .
Who was Shebna , and what bad trait did he begin to develop ?
To underscore the value of discipline , let us consider two individuals whom Jehovah disciplined : Shebna , who lived in the time of King Hezekiah , and Graham , a brother in our day .
As the steward “ in charge of the house ” ​ — presumably that of Hezekiah — ​ Shebna had considerable authority .
Sadly , though , he became proud , seeking his own glory .
He even had an opulent tomb made for himself , and he rode in “ glorious chariots ” ! ​ — Isa .
22 : 16 - 18 .
Humbly adjusting our attitude leads to God’s blessing ( See paragraphs 8 - 10 )
How did Jehovah discipline Shebna , and with what result ?
Because Shebna pursued glory for himself , God ‘ threw him out of his office ’ and replaced him with Eliakim .
This change occurred when Assyrian King Sennacherib was intending to attack Jerusalem .
Sometime later , that king sent high officials to Jerusalem , along with a large army , to demoralize the Jews and intimidate Hezekiah into surrendering .
Eliakim was sent to speak to the officials , but he was not alone .
He was accompanied by two others , one of whom was Shebna , now serving as secretary .
Might this not suggest that Shebna did not give way to bitterness and resentment but instead humbly accepted his lesser responsibilities ?
If so , what lessons can we learn from the account ?
Let us consider three .
9 - 11 . ( a ) What important lessons can we learn from Shebna’s experience ?
( b ) How are you encouraged by Jehovah’s treatment of Shebna ?
First , Shebna lost his position .
His experience bears out the warning that “ pride is before a crash , and a haughty spirit before stumbling . ”
If you have privileges in the congregation , perhaps with a measure of prominence , will you strive to maintain a humble view of yourself ?
Will you give credit to Jehovah for any gifts you have or for what you have accomplished ?
The apostle Paul wrote : “ I tell everyone there among you not to think more of himself than it is necessary to think , but to think so as to have a sound mind . ” ​ — Rom . 12 : 3 .
Second , in strongly reproving Shebna , Jehovah may have been showing that he did not consider Shebna beyond recovery .
What a fine lesson for those who lose privileges of service in God’s congregation today !
Instead of being angry and resentful , may they continue to serve God to the best of their ability in their new situation , viewing the discipline as evidence of Jehovah’s love .
Remember , our Father will not consider us beyond hope if we humble ourselves before him .
( Read 1 Peter 5 : 6 , 7 . )
Loving discipline can be God’s way of molding us , so let us remain malleable in his hands .
Third , Jehovah’s treatment of Shebna provides a valuable lesson for those who are authorized to administer discipline , such as parents and Christian overseers .
The lesson ?
While Jehovah’s discipline can reflect his hatred of sin , it can also show his concern for the person who sinned .
If as a parent or an overseer you must administer discipline , will you imitate Jehovah , hating the wrong while looking for the good in your child or fellow believer ? ​ — Jude 22 , 23 .
12 - 14 . ( a ) In what ways do some react to divine discipline ?
( b ) How did God’s Word help one brother to adjust his attitude , and with what results ?
Sadly , after receiving discipline , some fail to see past the pain and even draw away from God and his people .
But does that mean that such ones are beyond help ?
Consider Graham , who was disfellowshipped , in time was reinstated , and then became spiritually inactive .
Some years later , he asked an elder who had befriended him to study the Bible with him .
The elder recalled : “ Graham had a problem with pride .
He was critical of the elders who had been involved in his disfellowshipping .
So for the next few studies , we discussed scriptures on pride and its effects .
Graham began to see himself clearly in the mirror of God’s Word , and he did not like what he saw !
The effect was amazing !
After acknowledging that he had been blinded by a ‘ rafter ’ of pride and that his critical attitude was his problem , he began to change quickly for the better .
He started to attend Christian meetings regularly , to study God’s Word earnestly , and to make daily prayer a habit . He also accepted his spiritual responsibilities as family head , much to the delight of his wife and children . ” ​ — Luke 6 : 41 , 42 ; Jas . 1 : 23 - 25 .
The elder continues : “ One day , Graham told me something that touched my heart .
‘ I’ve known the truth for years , ’ he said , ‘ and I’ve even served as a pioneer .
But only now can I honestly say that I love Jehovah . ’
Before long , he was asked to serve as a microphone handler at the Kingdom Hall ​ — a privilege he deeply appreciated .
His example taught me that when a person humbles himself before God by accepting discipline , blessings just pour out ! ”
If we want our discipline to reach hearts , what must we do ?
To be good teachers , we first have to be good students .
Likewise , those divinely authorized to give discipline must themselves continue to submit willingly to Jehovah’s guidance .
Such humble submission earns them respect and gives them freeness of speech when training or correcting others .
Consider Jesus ’ example .
What are some lessons about appropriate discipline and effective teaching that we can learn from Jesus ?
Jesus always listened obediently to his Father , even when doing so was very difficult .

And he gave his Father the credit for his teachings and wisdom .
Jesus ’ humility and obedience drew people of honest heart to him and helped to make him a compassionate and gracious teacher .
( Read Luke 4 : 22 . )
His kind words heartened those who were figuratively like a bruised reed or the wick of an oil lamp about to go out .
Even when his patience was tested , Jesus was kind and loving .
This was evident when he corrected his apostles for showing a selfish , ambitious spirit . ​ — Mark 9 : 33 - 37 ; Luke 22 : 24 - 27 .
What fine qualities will help elders to be effective shepherds of God’s flock ?
All who are authorized to give Scriptural discipline are wise when they imitate Christ’s example .
Indeed , their doing so reflects their desire to be molded by God and his Son .
The apostle Peter wrote : “ Shepherd the flock of God under your care , serving as overseers , not under compulsion , but willingly before God ; not for love of dishonest gain , but eagerly ; not lording it over those who are God’s inheritance , but becoming examples to the flock . ”
To be sure , overseers who joyfully submit to God and to Christ , the head of the congregation , benefit both themselves and those under their care . ​ — Isa .
32 : 1 , 2 , 17 , 18 .
( a ) What does Jehovah require of parents ?
( b ) How does God help parents fulfill their responsibilities ?
The same basic principles apply in the family .
Family heads are told : “ Do not be irritating your children , but go on bringing them up in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah . ”
How serious is this matter ?
Proverbs 19 : 18 states : “ Discipline your son while there is hope , and do not become responsible for his death . ”
Yes , Jehovah holds Christian parents accountable if they fail to provide needed discipline to a child !
However , Jehovah gives parents the wisdom and the strength they need when they humbly entreat him in prayer and look to his Word and holy spirit for guidance . ​ — Read James 1 : 5 .
19 , 20 . ( a ) What blessings result from accepting God’s discipline ?
( b ) What will we consider in the next article ?
It would be difficult to enumerate all the blessings that result from accepting divine discipline and from imitating Jehovah and Jesus when disciplining others .
At the very least , families and congregations become havens of peace .
Individuals also feel truly loved , valued , and secure ​ — a foretaste of the blessings to come .
Indeed , it is no exaggeration to say that Jehovah’s discipline teaches us how to live together forever in peace and harmony as a family under his fatherly care .
( Read Isaiah 11 : 9 . )
When we view divine discipline in that light , we will be more likely to appreciate it for what it truly is : beautiful evidence of God’s unmatched love for us .
In the following article , we will expand on aspects of discipline within the family and the congregation .
We will also consider self - discipline as well as something that can be even worse than any temporary pain that discipline may cause .
“ My sons , . . . listen to discipline and become wise . ” ​ — PROV .
8 : 32 , 33 .
SONGS : 56 , 89
In what ways does Jehovah patiently teach us self - discipline ?
How can parents raise their children in the discipline of Jehovah ?
How can we benefit fully from any Scriptural discipline we may receive in the Christian congregation ?
How do we acquire wisdom , and with what benefit ?
JEHOVAH is the Source of wisdom , and he generously shares his wisdom with others .
Says James 1 : 5 : “ If any one of you is lacking in wisdom , let him keep asking God , for he gives generously to all and without reproaching . ”
One way that we acquire wisdom from God is by accepting his discipline .
And that wisdom can safeguard us from moral and spiritual harm .
As a result , we “ keep [ ourselves ] in God’s love . . . with everlasting life in view . ” ​ — Jude 21 .
How can we build appreciation for God’s discipline ?
However , our sinful leanings , our upbringing , and other factors make it a challenge to accept discipline or to view it in the right light .
We build appreciation for discipline when we experience its benefits , which confirm God’s love for us .
“ My son , do not reject the discipline of Jehovah , . . . for those whom Jehovah loves he reproves , ” says Proverbs 3 : 11 , 12 .
Yes , let us never forget that Jehovah has our best interests at heart .
( Read Hebrews 12 : 5 - 11 . )
Because God fully knows us , his discipline is always appropriate and properly measured .
Let us now examine four aspects of discipline : ( 1 ) self - discipline , ( 2 ) parental discipline , ( 3 ) discipline within the Christian congregation , and ( 4 ) something that is worse than the temporary pain of discipline .
How does a child develop self - discipline ?
Illustrate .
Self - discipline includes exercising control over ourselves in order to improve in our behavior and thinking .
We are not born with an inclination toward self - discipline .
We have to learn it .
To illustrate : When a child first learns to ride a bicycle , a parent usually holds the bicycle to steady it .
But as the child finds his balance , the parent cautiously lets go for a few moments at a time .
He lets go altogether when the child can keep his balance .
Likewise , when parents consistently and patiently train their little ones “ in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah , ” they are also helping their children to develop self - discipline and wisdom . ​ — Eph .
6 : 4 .
4 , 5 . ( a ) Why is self - discipline an important part of “ the new personality ” ?
( b ) Why should we not give up on ourselves even if we “ fall seven times , ” as it were ?
The same principles apply to those who come to know Jehovah as adults .
True , they may already have developed a measure of self - discipline .
Spiritually speaking , however , a new disciple starts off being immature .
But he or she can steadily grow toward maturity as part of learning to put on the Christlike “ new personality . ”
Self - discipline is an important part of that growth .
As a result , we learn “ to reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things . ” ​ — Titus 2 : 12 .
That said , we are all prone to sin .
A fall , however , need not spell complete failure or a serious lack of self - discipline .
“ The righteous one may fall seven times , and he will get up again , ” says Proverbs 24 : 16 .
What will help him to succeed ?
Not sheer willpower , but God’s spirit .
( Read Philippians 4 : 13 . ) The fruitage of that spirit includes self - control , which is closely related to self - discipline .
How can we become better students of God’s Word ?
( See opening picture . )
Also important to cultivating self - discipline are heartfelt prayer , Bible study , and meditation .
But what if you find it hard to study God’s Word ?
Perhaps you do not consider yourself to be studious .
Keep in mind , however , that Jehovah will help you if you let him .
He can help you to “ form a longing ” for his Word .
First , pray to Jehovah for the needed self - discipline to study his Word .
Then , work in harmony with your prayers , perhaps keeping study periods rather short .
Over time , study will be both easier and more pleasurable !
Indeed , you will find yourself cherishing your quiet times when you are absorbed in Jehovah’s precious thoughts . ​ — 1 Tim .
4 : 15 .
How can self - discipline help us to reach a spiritual goal ?
Self - discipline helps us to reach spiritual goals .
Consider the example of a family man who felt that his zeal was waning somewhat .
Concerned , he set the goal of becoming a regular pioneer and read articles on that topic in our magazines .
This , along with prayer , built him up and strengthened him spiritually .
He also arranged to be an auxiliary pioneer when he could .

The result ?
Despite obstacles , he kept his eye on the goal of becoming a regular pioneer and eventually reached it .
Children are not born knowing right from wrong ; they need training ( See paragraph 8 )
8 - 10 .
What can help Christian parents succeed in raising their children to serve Jehovah ?
Illustrate .
Christian parents have a precious privilege ​ — that of raising their children “ in the discipline and admonition of Jehovah . ”
That is a major undertaking , especially in today’s world .
Of course , children are not born knowing right from wrong .
They are born with the faculty of conscience , but it needs to be educated , or disciplined .
One Bible reference work suggests that the Greek word translated “ discipline ” might be rendered “ child development . ”
Children who are lovingly disciplined usually feel secure .
They learn that freedom has boundaries and that decisions and conduct have consequences ​ — good or bad .
How important , then , that Christian parents look to Jehovah for guidance .
Do not forget that ideas and methods vary from culture to culture and from generation to generation .

When parents listen to God , successful child - rearing does not become a matter of guesswork ; nor does it depend on human experience or human thinking .
By way of illustration , consider the example of Noah .
When Jehovah told him to build the ark , Noah could not rely on experience . He had never built an ark before .
So he had to rely on Jehovah , doing “ just so ” ​ — that is , just as Jehovah directed .
The result ?
Noah got it right the first time . Indeed , he had to !
Noah also succeeded as a family man ​ — and for basically the same reason ; he trusted in God’s wisdom .
He thus taught his children well and set a fine example for them , which was a big challenge during that wicked pre - Flood era . ​ — Gen .
6 : 5 .
How important is parental example in training children ?
As parents , how can you do “ just so ” in God’s eyes ?
Listen to Jehovah .
Let him instruct you in child - rearing by means of his Word and the guidance we receive through his organization .
In time , your children will likely thank you for doing that !
One brother wrote : “ I am filled with gratitude for the way my parents raised me .
They did their best to reach my heart .
Much of the credit for my spiritual advancement must go to them . ”
However , despite the parents ’ best efforts , some children leave Jehovah .
Nonetheless , parents who have tried their best to impress the truth on a child’s heart have a good conscience .
They can also hope that the wayward child will one day come “ home ” to Jehovah .
12 , 13 . ( a ) If a child is disfellowshipped , how do Christian parents show that they obey God ?
( b ) How did one family benefit from the parents ’ obedience to Jehovah ?
One of the greatest tests of obedience that some parents have involves their relationship with a disfellowshipped child .
Consider the example of a mother whose disfellowshipped daughter left home .
The mother admits : “ I looked for loopholes in our publications so that I could spend time with my daughter and my granddaughter . ”
She adds : “ But my husband kindly helped me to see that our child was now out of our hands and that we must not interfere . ”
Some years later , the daughter was reinstated .
“ Now she calls or texts me nearly every day ! ” the mother said .
“ And she deeply respects my husband and me because she knows that we obeyed God .
We have a wonderful relationship . ”
If you have a disfellowshipped child , will you “ trust in Jehovah with all your heart [ and ] not rely on your own understanding ” ?
Remember , Jehovah’s discipline reflects his matchless wisdom and love .
Never forget that he gave his Son for all , including your child .
God wants no one to be destroyed .
( Read 2 Peter 3 : 9 . )
So have faith in Jehovah’s discipline and direction .
Do so even when it pains you , the parent , to do what Jehovah says . Yes , work with God’s discipline , not against it .
How do we benefit from Jehovah’s instruction provided by means of “ the faithful steward ” ?
Jehovah has promised to care for , protect , and instruct the Christian congregation .
He does so in a number of ways .
For example , he has placed the congregation under the care of his Son , who appointed a “ faithful steward ” to provide timely spiritual food .
Made available in many ways , that food provides valuable instruction , or discipline .

Ask yourself , ‘ How often has a talk or an article in one of our journals moved me to make adjustments in my thinking or conduct ? ’
If you have responded positively , rejoice !
You are allowing Jehovah to mold , or discipline , you for your benefit . ​ — Prov . 2 : 1 - 5 .
15 , 16 . ( a ) How can we benefit from the “ gifts in men ” in the congregation ?
( b ) How can we make the elders ’ work more pleasant for them ?
Christ also gave to the congregation “ gifts in men ” ​ — elders to shepherd God’s flock .
How can we benefit from those precious gifts ?
One way is to imitate the faith of the elders as well as their fine example .
Another way is to heed their Scriptural counsel .
( Read Hebrews 13 : 7 , 17 . )
Remember , the elders love us and want us to grow spiritually .
For instance , if they notice that we are missing meetings or that our zeal is cooling off , they will no doubt quickly come to our aid .
They will listen to us and then try to build us up with warm encouragement and appropriate Scriptural counsel .
Do you view such help as an expression of Jehovah’s love for you ?
Keep in mind that elders may find that it is not easy to approach us with needed counsel .
Imagine , for example , how difficult it must have been for the prophet Nathan to speak to David after the king tried to cover up his gross sin !
Similarly , the apostle Paul no doubt had to muster up courage to provide correction when Peter , one of the 12 apostles , showed favoritism toward his Jewish brothers .
So how can you ease the load for the elders in your congregation ?
Be humble , approachable , and thankful .
See their help as an expression of God’s love for you .
This will not only benefit you but also add much joy to their work .
How did one sister benefit from the loving help of the elders in the congregation ?
Because of her past experience , one sister found it hard to love Jehovah .
“ When my past and other issues brought me to emotional exhaustion , ” she said , “ I knew that I had to talk with the elders .
They did not berate me or criticize me , but they encouraged me and strengthened me .
After every congregation meeting , no matter how busy they were , at least one of them would ask how I was .
Because of my past , I found it difficult to feel worthy of God’s love .
Time and time again , however , Jehovah has used the congregation and the elders to confirm his love for me .
I pray that I will never let him go . ”
18 , 19 .
What is worse than any pain that may result from discipline ?
Illustrate .
While discipline may be painful , there is something that is even more painful ​ — the harm that may result from rejecting discipline .
Consider two examples ​ — Cain and King Zedekiah .
When Cain developed a murderous hatred toward Abel , God admonished Cain : “ Why are you so angry and dejected ?
If you turn to doing good , will you not be restored to favor ?
But if you do not turn to doing good , sin is crouching at the door , and its craving is to dominate you ; but will you get the mastery over it ? ”
Cain did not listen .

Then sin overwhelmed him .
What needless pain and suffering Cain brought on himself !
The pain of Jehovah’s reprimand would have been mild by comparison .
A weak and wicked ruler , Zedekiah reigned during very dark days for Jerusalem .
The prophet Jeremiah repeatedly exhorted Zedekiah to leave his bad ways , but the king refused to be disciplined .
Again , the results were tragic .
How Jehovah wants to spare us from such needless suffering ! ​ — Read Isaiah 48 : 17 , 18 .
What does the future hold for those who accept God’s discipline and for those who refuse to accept it ?
In the world , discipline , including self - discipline , is often sneered at .
But that foolish attitude will soon catch up with the wicked .
So let us “ listen to discipline and become wise . ”
As Proverbs 4 : 13 states , “ hold on to discipline ; do not let it go . Safeguard it , for it means your life . ”
3 The Way to True Freedom
8 Serve Jehovah , the God of Freedom
People around the world are demanding more freedom .
How should Christians view freedom ?
These two articles will consider what true freedom is , how we can attain it , and how to use our relative freedom now to benefit ourselves and others .
Above all , we will learn how to honor Jehovah , the God of true freedom .
13 Appointed Men ​ — Learn From Timothy
15 Imitating Jehovah ​ — A God Who Gives Encouragement
20 Encourage One Another “ All the More So ”
These articles show that Jehovah has always encouraged his servants and that they have followed his example throughout the ages .
We will see why it is more urgent than ever to give encouragement to one another .
25 Young People , Are You Focused on Spiritual Goals ?
Young people in the congregation benefit themselves if they focus on pleasing Jehovah .
This article gives reasons for setting spiritual goals early in life and for giving priority to the field ministry .
30 Questions From Readers
32 Questions From Readers
“ If the Son sets you free , you will be truly free . ” ​ — JOHN 8 : 36 .
SONGS : 54 , 36
What is relative freedom ?
How was true freedom lost ?
What freedom did Jesus promise , and how can we gain it ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What evidence is there that people are struggling to gain freedom ?
( b ) What have been the results of such struggles ?
TODAY , there is much talk about equality , liberty , and freedom .
People in many parts of the world want to be free from oppression , discrimination , and poverty .
Others demand to have freedom of speech , of choice , and of self - determination .
To be able to do what one wants to do or to live the way one wants to live seems to be much desired by people everywhere .
How to satisfy those desires , however , is quite another matter .
On the social or political level , many resort to protests , demonstrations , revolts , even revolutions .
But do such confrontations achieve the desired results ?
On the contrary , they often lead to tragedies and loss of life .
All of this once again testifies to the truthfulness of King Solomon’s inspired observation : “ Man has dominated man to his harm . ” ​ — Eccl .
8 : 9 .
What can we do to find true happiness and satisfaction ?
The Christian disciple James pointed out the key to finding true happiness and satisfaction .
He wrote : “ The one who peers into the perfect law that belongs to freedom and continues in it . . . will be happy in what he does . ”
Jehovah , who gave that perfect law , knows best the things humans need in order to be completely happy and satisfied .
He gave the first human couple everything that they needed to be happy ​ — including true freedom .
What freedom did Adam and Eve enjoy ?
( See opening picture . )
When reading the first two chapters of Genesis , we can easily see that Adam and Eve enjoyed the kind of freedom that people today can only hope for ​ — freedom from want , from fear , and from oppression .
The first couple’s life was completely free from worries about food , work , sickness , and death .
Does this mean that the freedom that Adam and Eve enjoyed was absolute ?
Let us see .


Contrary to what many think , what is needed for people to enjoy freedom ?
Many today think that to be truly free , they must be able to do anything and everything they want to do , regardless of the consequences .
The World Book Encyclopedia defines freedom as “ the ability to make choices and to carry them out . ”
However , it adds : “ From a legal point of view , people are free if society imposes no unjust , unnecessary , or unreasonable limits on them . ”
This implies that , in practice , certain limits are necessary so that everyone in that society can benefit from the freedom granted .
The question , then , is : Who has the right to determine what limits are just , necessary , and reasonable ?
( a ) Why does Jehovah alone possess absolute freedom ?
( b ) What sort of freedom can humans enjoy , and why ?
When it comes to freedom , a key point for us to bear in mind is that Jehovah God alone has what can be called absolute and unlimited freedom .
Why ?
Because he is the Creator of all things and the almighty Sovereign of the universe .
Recall the beautiful words of King David in describing the unique and lofty position that Jehovah alone occupies .
( Read 1 Chronicles 29 : 11 , 12 . )
Accordingly , all creatures in heaven and on earth have freedom in only a relative sense .
They must recognize that Jehovah God has the ultimate authority to impose what he determines to be just , necessary , and reasonable limits .
That , in fact , was what Jehovah God did with his human creation right from the beginning .
What are some instinctive actions that contribute to one’s happiness ?
Even though Adam and Eve initially enjoyed freedom in many ways , there were limits imposed on them .
Some of them were instinctive , but they were limits nonetheless .
For example , our first parents knew that to keep on living , they had to breathe , eat , sleep , and so on .
Would they feel a loss of freedom for having to do these things ?
No , for Jehovah saw to it that even in doing such routine things , they could find enjoyment and contentment .
Who would not delight in taking an invigorating breath of fresh air , eating his favorite food , or awakening from a restful night of sleep ?
We happily do these necessary things without any feeling of constraint or burden .
Adam and Eve no doubt felt the same .
What specific command did God give our first human parents , and for what purpose ?
Jehovah specifically commanded Adam and Eve to populate the earth and to take care of it .
Did this command in some way deprive them of their freedom ?
Of course not !
It was given to enable humans to participate in their Creator’s purpose ​ — to make the earth into a global paradise home for a race of perfect humans forever .
Today , it is not against Jehovah’s will for people to choose to be single or to be married but remain childless .
Still , by and large , people marry and raise children in spite of the challenges such choices bring .
Why ?
Because under normal circumstances , people find happiness and satisfaction in doing so .
Enjoying their marriage and family for all eternity could have been Adam and Eve’s happy lot in life .
Why was God’s command found at Genesis 2 : 17 not unjust , unnecessary , or unreasonable ?
Jehovah gave Adam and Eve another command , which included a clear statement of the penalty if violated : “ As for the tree of the knowledge of good and bad , you must not eat from it , for in the day you eat from it you will certainly die . ”
Was this command in any way unjust , unnecessary , or unreasonable ?
Did it rob Adam and Eve of their freedom ?
Certainly not .
In fact , a number of Bible scholars comment on the logic and good sense of the command .
For example , one scholar observes : “ The inference of God’s commands in [ Genesis 2 : 16 , 17 ] is that only God knows what is good . . . for humanity and only God knows what is not good . . . for them .
To enjoy the ‘ good , ’ humankind must trust God and obey him .
If they disobey , they will be left to decide for themselves what is good . . . and what is not good . ”
That is a burden that humans could not carry successfully on their own .
Adam and Eve’s choice proved disastrous !
( See paragraphs 9 - 12 )
Why should we not equate free will with the right to decide what is good and what is bad ?
Upon reading Jehovah’s command to Adam , many today would say that Adam was denied the freedom to do what he wanted .

In saying so , they are confusing the exercise of one’s free will with the right to decide what is good and what is bad .
Adam and Eve did have the freedom to choose whether they would obey God or not .
However , only Jehovah has the right to decide in the absolute sense what is good and what is bad , as symbolized by “ the tree of the knowledge of good and bad ” in the garden of Eden .
We have to admit that we do not always know what the outcome of our choices will be ; nor do we know whether they will turn out for our good every time .
That is why we so often see people make choices or decisions with all good intentions ​ — only to have them result in suffering , disaster , or tragedy .
Human limitations play a large role .
By means of his command , Jehovah lovingly taught Adam and Eve the way to exercise true freedom .
How is that so , and did that first couple respond ?
11 , 12 .
Why did Adam and Eve’s choice prove to be disastrous ?
Illustrate .
As it turned out , our first parents chose to disobey .
Satan’s tempting promise ​ — “ your eyes will be opened and you will be like God , knowing good and bad ” — ​ proved to be irresistible for Eve .
Did Adam and Eve’s choice eventually enhance their freedom in any way ?
Sadly , it did not .
Their choice did not bring them what Satan said it would .
In fact , they soon learned that rejecting Jehovah’s direction and going their own way resulted in disaster .
Why ?
Simply because Jehovah did not give humans the freedom to determine for themselves what is good and what is bad . ​ — Read Proverbs 20 : 24 and footnote ; Jeremiah 10 : 23 .
This can be illustrated with a pilot flying an airplane .
To reach a certain destination safely , he usually must follow a preapproved flight path .
Modern aviation equipment allows a pilot to use onboard navigation instruments and to keep in touch with air traffic controllers along the way so as to reach his planned destination .
However , if the pilot chose to disregard that guidance and fly any route he desired , the result could be disastrous .
Like that pilot , Adam and Eve wanted to do things their own way .
They rejected the guidance God had provided .
The result ?
They ended , as it were , in a tragic crash , resulting in sin and death for themselves and for their future offspring .
In striving for self - determination , they lost the true freedom they had been given .
13 , 14 .
How can we gain true freedom ?
People may think that the more freedom they have , the better off they will be , but the reality is that having unbounded freedom is a two - edged sword .
True , freedom does bring many benefits ; yet , we shudder to imagine what the world would be like if there were no restraints at all .
For this reason , The World Book Encyclopedia states : “ The laws of every organized society form a complicated pattern of balanced freedoms and restrictions . ”
“ Complicated ” is surely the right word .
Just think of the volumes and volumes of laws written by man , let alone the armies of lawyers and judges needed to interpret and administer them .
In contrast , Jesus Christ pointed out a simple way to enjoy true freedom .
He said : “ If you remain in my word , you are really my disciples , and you will know the truth , and the truth will set you free . ”
Jesus ’ direction for gaining true freedom involves two requirements : First , accept the truth that he taught , and second , become his disciple .
Doing so will lead to true freedom .
But freedom from what ?
Jesus went on to explain : “ Every doer of sin is a slave of sin . . . . If the Son sets you free , you will be truly free . ” ​ — John 8 : 34 , 36 .
Why can the freedom that Jesus promised make us “ truly free ” ?
Clearly , the freedom that Jesus promised his disciples is far superior to the social or political freedom that most people yearn for today .
When Jesus said : “ If the Son sets you free , you will be truly free , ” he was talking about liberation from the greatest bondage and oppression that humankind has ever experienced ​ — being “ a slave of sin . ”
Not only can sin lead us to doing what is bad but it can also prevent us from doing what we know is right or from living up to what we know we are capable of .
In that sense we are slaves of sin , and the outcome is frustration , pain , suffering , and finally death .
The apostle Paul felt this pain and agony deeply .
( Read Romans 7 : 21 - 25 . )
It is only when the shackles of sin are thrown off that we can hope to have the true freedom that our first human parents once enjoyed .
How can we become truly free ?
Jesus ’ statement “ if you remain in my word ” implies that there are certain requirements or boundaries for being set free by him .
As dedicated Christians , we have disowned ourselves and have chosen to live within the bounds of Christ’s teachings as his disciples .
Just as Jesus promised , we will be truly free when the benefits of his ransom sacrifice are fully applied to us .
( a ) What will give our life real meaning and satisfaction ?
( b ) What will we consider in the next article ?
Submitting to Jesus ’ teachings as his disciples will give our life real meaning and satisfaction .
This , in turn , opens up the prospect of being completely liberated from enslavement to sin and death .
( Read Romans 8 : 1 , 2 , 20 , 21 . )
The following article will consider how we can wisely use the freedom we now have , so that we can honor Jehovah , the God of true freedom , forever .
“ Where the spirit of Jehovah is , there is freedom . ” ​ — 2 COR .
3 : 17 .
SONGS : 49 , 73
In what ways has Jehovah’s spirit liberated us ?
How can we avoid misusing our God - given freedom ?
What can we do to make wise use of our freedom ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why were people in the apostle Paul’s day concerned with slavery and freedom ?
( b ) To whom did Paul direct people so that they could gain true freedom ?
PEOPLE of the Roman world , among whom the early Christians lived , prided themselves on being champions of law , justice , and freedom .
Yet , much of the power and glory of the Roman Empire was built on the backs of slaves .
At one point , some 30 percent of the population were slaves .
Undoubtedly , slavery and freedom were topics on the minds of the common people , including Christians .
The letters of the apostle Paul have much to say about freedom .
However , the objective of his ministry was not social or political reform , the very thing people of that day were seeking .
Rather than looking to any human ruler or agency for freedom , Paul and his fellow Christians worked hard to help others learn the good news of God’s Kingdom and the incomparable value of the ransom sacrifice of Christ Jesus .
Paul directed his fellow believers to the Source of true freedom .
In his second letter to the Corinthian Christians , for example , he clearly stated : “ Jehovah is the Spirit , and where the spirit of Jehovah is , there is freedom . ” ​ — 2 Cor .
3 : 17 .
3 , 4 . ( a ) What led up to Paul’s statement found at 2 Corinthians 3 : 17 ?
( b ) What must we do to enjoy the freedom that comes from Jehovah ?
Earlier in this letter to the Corinthians , Paul spoke of the glory of Moses when he descended from Mount Sinai after being in the presence of an angel of Jehovah .
Upon seeing Moses , the people became fearful , and Moses put a veil over his face .
“ But , ” Paul explained , “ when one turns to Jehovah , the veil is taken away . ”
What do Paul’s words mean ?
As we learned in the preceding article , Jehovah , the Creator of all things , is the only Person who enjoys absolute and unlimited freedom .
It stands to reason that in the presence of Jehovah and “ where the spirit of Jehovah is , ” there is freedom .
To enjoy and benefit from that freedom , however , we must ‘ turn to Jehovah , ’ that is , come into a personal relationship with him .
The Israelites in the wilderness did not view Jehovah’s dealings with them in a spiritual way .
It was as if their hearts and minds were veiled and hardened , focused only on using their newfound freedom from Egypt in a physical , or fleshly , way . ​ — Heb .
3 : 8 - 10 .
( a ) What sort of freedom does Jehovah’s spirit bring ?
( b ) How do we know that physical bondage need not diminish the freedom Jehovah provides ?
( c ) What questions do we need to answer ?
The freedom that is associated with the spirit of Jehovah , however , is more than liberation from physical slavery . Far beyond what human efforts can hope to achieve , the spirit of Jehovah brings liberation from enslavement to sin and death , as well as from slavery to false worship and its practices .
What a glorious freedom that is !
A person can enjoy the benefits of such freedom even when imprisoned or enslaved .
This was certainly true of Sister Nancy Yuen and Brother Harold King , both of whom endured years of imprisonment for their faith .
You can see and hear them relate their experiences on JW Broadcasting .
( Look under INTERVIEWS AND EXPERIENCES > ENDURING TRIALS . )
We need to consider , though , how can we show that we treasure our freedom ?
And what can we do to make wise use of this freedom ?
How did the Israelites show a lack of appreciation for the freedom that Jehovah gave them ?
When we realize the true value of a costly gift , we are moved to show our gratitude to the giver .
The Israelites did not appreciate the freedom that Jehovah bestowed upon them when he delivered them from slavery in Egypt .
Within a few months of their deliverance , they began to long for the food and drink they once had in Egypt and complained about Jehovah’s provisions , even wanting to return to Egypt .
Just imagine , they put ‘ fish , cucumbers , watermelons , leeks , onions , and garlic ’ above their God - given freedom to worship the true God , Jehovah .
Is it any wonder that Jehovah became very angry with his people ?
What a lesson for us !
How did Paul act in harmony with his counsel found at 2 Corinthians 6 : 1 , and how can we do likewise ?
The apostle Paul urged all Christians not to take for granted the freedom that Jehovah has kindly given us through his Son , Jesus Christ .
( Read 2 Corinthians 6 : 1 . )
Recall the misery and pain of conscience that Paul suffered because of feeling captive to sin and death .
Yet , he gratefully declared : “ Thanks to God through Jesus Christ our Lord ! ”
Why ?
He explained to his fellow Christians : “ For the law of the spirit that gives life in union with Christ Jesus has set you free from the law of sin and of death . ”
Following Paul’s example , we too should never take for granted that Jehovah liberated us from the bondage of sin and of death . By means of the ransom , we can serve our God with a clean conscience and find real delight in doing so . ​ — Ps .
40 : 8 .
Are you using your freedom of choice to advance the Kingdom work or your own interests ?
( See paragraphs 8 - 10 )
8 , 9 . ( a ) What warning did the apostle Peter give about using our freedom ?
( b ) What dangers confront us today ?
In addition to expressing gratitude , however , we should be mindful of never misusing our precious freedom .
The apostle Peter warned against using our freedom as an excuse for catering to our fleshly desires .
( Read 1 Peter 2 : 16 . )
Does that warning not remind you of what befell the Israelites in the wilderness ?
And the danger is still with us , perhaps even more so .
Satan and his world offer ever more alluring choices in dress and grooming , food and drink , recreation and entertainment , and a host of other things .
Clever advertisers often feature attractive people deceptively promoting as must - haves many things we really do not need .
How easy it is to fall prey to these ploys and to misuse our freedom !
The counsel by Peter also applies to more serious aspects of life , such as a person’s choice of education , employment , or career .
For example , young people in school today are under much pressure to qualify for enrollment in elite institutions of higher education .
They are led to believe that advanced education opens the door to high - paying and prestigious jobs , and statistics are often presented to show the gap in earnings between graduates from such institutions and those who completed only basic schooling .
Faced with choices that can deeply affect their entire life course , young people may find all of this very enticing .
What should they and their parents bear in mind ?
What do we need to bear in mind when exercising our freedom to make personal choices ?
Some individuals may feel that since choices in these matters are personal , they should have the freedom to choose what they please as long as their conscience permits it .
Perhaps they have in mind Paul’s words to the Corinthian Christians about food : “ Why should my freedom be judged by another person’s conscience ? ”
While it is true that we have the freedom to make personal choices regarding our education and career , we need to remember that our freedom is relative and that all decisions we make have consequences .
For that reason , Paul prefaced his statement with these words : “ All things are lawful [ or , “ permissible , ” ftn . ] , but not all things are advantageous .
All things are lawful , but not all things build up . ”
That certainly helps us to see that there are far more important factors to consider than our own preferences when it comes to exercising personal freedom in all aspects of our life .
For what purpose have we been set free ?
In his warning against the misuse of freedom , Peter also pointed out the objective .
He urged us to use our freedom “ as slaves of God . ”
Thus , the real purpose for which Jehovah , through Jesus , has freed us from the law of sin and of death is for us to live a life of dedication “ as slaves of God . ”
What example did Noah and his family set for us ?
The best way to protect ourselves from misusing our freedom and thus becoming enslaved again by worldly ambitions and desires is to be fully absorbed in spiritual pursuits . Consider , for example , the patriarch Noah and his family .
They lived in a violent and immoral world .
Yet , they kept free from being entangled in the desires and pursuits of the people around them .
How did they manage to do that ?
They chose to keep busy in all that Jehovah had assigned them to do ​ — build the ark , store up food for themselves and the animals , and sound the warning to others .
“ Noah did according to all that God had commanded him .
He did just so . ”
The result ? Noah and his family survived the end of that world . ​ — Heb .
11 : 7 .
What commission did Jesus receive and in turn pass on to his followers ?
What has Jehovah commanded us to do today ?
As disciples of Jesus , we are well - acquainted with our God - given commission .
( Read Luke 4 : 18 , 19 . )
Today , the vast majority of people are still blinded by the god of this system of things and are in bondage ​ — religious , economic , and social .
It is our privilege to follow Jesus ’ example of helping people to come to know and worship Jehovah , the God of freedom .
That is not an easy work , and there are many challenges .
In some lands , people are becoming more indifferent , some even hostile .
The question that each of us should consider is , ‘ Can I use my freedom to give greater support to the Kingdom work ? ’
14 , 15 .
What kind of response to the preaching work is seen among Jehovah’s people ?
( See opening picture . )
It is most encouraging to see that many have sensed the urgency of our times and have simplified their lives so as to share in the full - time ministry .
Some of them serve within their local territories ; others move to where the need is greater .
Records show that in the last five years , the average number of regular pioneers has grown to over 1,100,000 and more than a quarter of a million worldwide have been added to the ranks of full - time preachers .
What a splendid result of making wise use of the freedom to serve Jehovah ! ​ — Ps .
110 : 3 .

What helped these brothers and sisters to make wise use of their freedom ?
Consider John and Judith , who for the past 30 years have served in a number of countries .
They recall that when the Pioneer Service School began in 1977 , the emphasis was placed on being willing to move and serve where the need was greater .
To keep their focus on this goal , John says that he changed jobs many times in order to maintain a simple lifestyle .
Eventually , when they arrived in a foreign country , they found that praying to Jehovah and relying on him helped them to overcome such obstacles as learning a new language , adjusting to a new culture , and enduring difficult climates .
How did those years of service affect them ?
“ I felt that I was immersed in the best activity I’ve ever known or experienced , ” John says . “ Jehovah became more real to me , as a loving father would be .
Now I understood better what James 4 : 8 means : ‘ Draw close to God , and he will draw close to you . ’
I knew I had found what I was looking for , a satisfying purpose in life . ”
How have thousands with limited circumstances used their freedom wisely ?
Unlike John and Judith , others have circumstances that allow them to serve full - time for only a short period .
Nonetheless , many seize the opportunity to volunteer in theocratic construction projects around the world .
For example , when world headquarters was being built at Warwick , New York , some 27,000 brothers and sisters offered their services ​ — anywhere from two weeks to a year or longer .
Many of them put their life on hold to serve there .
What a wonderful example of using their God - given freedom to praise and honor Jehovah , the God of freedom !
What glorious future awaits those who now use their God - given freedom wisely ?
We are grateful that we have come to know Jehovah and can enjoy the freedom that true worship brings .
May we show by the choices we make that we treasure that freedom .
Instead of squandering or misusing it , let us use our freedom and the opportunities it brings to serve Jehovah to the fullest extent possible .
If we do so , we can look forward to enjoying the blessings Jehovah has promised when the words of this prophecy are fulfilled : “ The creation itself will also be set free from enslavement to corruption and have the glorious freedom of the children of God . ” ​ — Rom . 8 : 21 .
WORLDWIDE last year , thousands of men were appointed as elders and ministerial servants among Jehovah’s Witnesses .
If you are one of those dear brothers , then surely you rejoice in your new privilege of service .
Understandably , though , you may also feel a little anxious .
Jason , a young elder , relates , “ When I was first appointed , I felt quite overwhelmed by my new responsibilities . ”
Moses and Jeremiah felt inadequate when they received new assignments from Jehovah .
If you have similar feelings , how can you overcome them and keep making progress ?
Consider the example of the Christian disciple Timothy . ​ — Acts 16 : 1 - 3 .
Timothy was probably in his late teens or early 20 ’ s when the apostle Paul invited him to become his traveling companion .
At first , being young , Timothy may have lacked self - confidence and may have hesitated to act in his newly assigned role .
Yet , a decade later , Paul could tell the congregation in Philippi : “ I am hoping in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy to you shortly . . .
For I have no one else of a disposition like his . ” ​ — Phil .
2 : 19 , 20 .
What made Timothy such an outstanding elder ?
Consider six lessons you can draw from his example .
He truly cared for people .
Paul told the brothers in Philippi : “ [ Timothy ] will genuinely care for your concerns . ”
Yes , Timothy cared about people .
He was genuinely interested in their spiritual welfare , and he willingly expended himself in their behalf .
Avoid being like the proverbial bus driver who is more concerned with arriving on time at every bus stop than with picking up passengers .
William , a respected elder for over 20 years , advises newly appointed men : “ Love the brothers .
Focus on their needs rather than on the administrative side of things . ”
He put spiritual interests first .
Contrasting Timothy’s example with that of others , Paul said : “ All the others are seeking their own interests , not those of Jesus Christ . ”
Paul was writing from Rome .
He observed that the brothers there were overly occupied with personal affairs .
To some degree , they were spiritually self - sparing .
But not Timothy !
When opportunities arose to advance the good news , his attitude was like that of Isaiah , who said : “ Here I am !
Send me ! ” ​ — Isa .
6 : 8 .
How can you balance your personal and spiritual obligations ?
First , prioritize .
“ Make sure of the more important things , ” urged Paul .
Make God’s priorities your priorities .
Second , simplify .
Eliminate time and energy stealers .
Paul exhorted Timothy : “ Flee from youthful desires , but pursue righteousness , faith , love , peace . ” ​ — 2 Tim .
2 : 22 .
He worked hard in sacred service .
Paul reminded the Philippians : “ You know the proof [ Timothy ] gave of himself , that like a child with a father he slaved with me to advance the good news . ”
Timothy was not lazy .
He worked hard alongside Paul , and this strengthened the bonds of affection between them .
There is no shortage of work in God’s organization today . That work is truly satisfying and can draw you closer to your brothers and sisters .
So make it your aim always to have “ plenty to do in the work of the Lord . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 58 .
He applied the lessons he learned .
Paul wrote to Timothy : “ You have closely followed my teaching , my course of life , my purpose , my faith , my patience , my love , my endurance . ”
Because Timothy applied what he learned , he qualified for greater responsibility . ​ — 1 Cor .
4 : 17 .
Do you have a spiritual mentor ?
If not , why not seek one out ?
Tom , an elder for many years , recalls : “ An experienced elder took me under his wing and gave me excellent training .
I regularly asked for and applied his advice .
This rapidly built up my confidence . ”
He kept training himself .
Paul exhorted Timothy : “ Train yourself with godly devotion as your aim . ”
An athlete may have a coach , but he also needs to train himself .
Paul urged Timothy : “ Continue applying yourself to public reading , to exhortation , to teaching . . . .
Ponder over these things ; be absorbed in them , so that your advancement may be plainly seen by all people . ” ​ — 1 Tim .
4 : 13 - 15 .
You too need to keep honing your skills .
Do not let your spirituality stagnate or your understanding of congregation procedures go out - of - date .
Also , avoid becoming overconfident ​ — perhaps thinking that you have so much experience that you can handle any situation without doing careful research .
In imitation of Timothy , “ pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching . ” ​ — 1 Tim .
4 : 16 .
He relied on Jehovah’s spirit .
Reflecting on Timothy’s ministry , Paul reminded him : “ Guard this fine trust by means of the holy spirit , which is dwelling in us . ”
To safeguard his ministry , Timothy needed to rely on God’s spirit .
Donald , an elder for many decades , observes : “ Appointed men must cherish their relationship with God .
Those who do will go ‘ from strength to strength . ’
If they pray for God’s spirit and cultivate its fruitage , they will be a real blessing to their brothers . ” ​ — Ps . 84 : 7 ; 1 Pet . 4 : 11 .
It is very encouraging to see so many newly appointed brothers , like you , making spiritual progress .
Jason , mentioned at the outset , says : “ During the time that I’ve been an elder , I’ve learned a lot and my confidence has grown .
Now I really enjoy my assignment and view it as a wonderful privilege ! ”
Will you keep making spiritual progress ?
Make it your aim to learn from Timothy .
Then you too will be a blessing to God’s people .
Because we offer our Bible - based material without charge , some feel that copying and posting it on other websites or on social media is acceptable .
However , doing so violates the Terms of Use * for our websites and has caused serious problems .
As is clearly stated in those Terms , no one is permitted to “ post artwork , electronic publications , trademarks , music , photos , videos , or articles from this website on the Internet ( any website , file - sharing site , video - sharing site , or social network ) . ”
Why is such a restriction needed ?
No one may post our copyrighted publications on other Internet sites
All the material on our websites is copyrighted .
Apostates and other opposers try to use our publications on their websites to lure in Jehovah’s Witnesses and others .
Planted in those sites is material designed to sow doubts in readers ’ minds .
Others have used material from our publications or our jw.org logo in advertisements , on products offered for sale , and in mobile device apps .
By securing copyright and trademark protection , we have a legal basis to prevent such misuse .

But if we knowingly allow people , even our brothers , to post our digital content on other sites or to use the jw.org trademark to sell merchandise , the courts may not support our efforts to deter opposers and commercial enterprises .
Downloading our publications from anywhere but jw.org is potentially dangerous .
Jehovah has entrusted the responsibility of providing spiritual food to “ the faithful and discreet slave ” alone .
That “ slave ” uses only its official websites to publish spiritual food ​ — www.jw.org , tv.jw.org , and wol.jw.org .
And we have only three official apps for mobile devices ​ — JW Language , JW Library , and JW Library Sign Language .
We can trust these products to be free of advertisements or contamination by Satan’s world .
If the spiritual food passes through other channels , there is no guarantee that it has not been altered or contaminated . ​ — Ps .
18 : 26 ; 19 : 8 .
Furthermore , posting our publications on websites that allow comments provides a place for apostates and other critics to sow distrust of Jehovah’s organization .
Some brothers have been drawn into online debates and thus have brought added reproach on Jehovah’s name .
An online forum is not an appropriate setting for “ instructing with mildness those not favorably disposed . ”
It has also been observed that fraudulent social media accounts and websites have been created in the name of the organization , the Governing Body , and its individual members .
However , no member of the Governing Body maintains a personal Web page or a presence on any social media site .
Directing people to jw.org helps to spread the “ good news . ”
The digital tools we receive for use in our personal ministry are continually being improved .
We would like everyone to benefit from them .
Therefore , as the Terms of Use indicates , you may e - mail someone an electronic copy of a publication or share a link to material found on jw.org .
By directing interested people to our official websites , we are connecting them with the one true source of spiritual food , “ the faithful and discreet slave . ”
A link to the Terms of Use can be found at the bottom of the home page on jw.org , and the restrictions apply to everything that is available on our websites .
© 2017 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
A special pioneer couple preach in a remote area near the city of Balykchy
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2017 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ Praised be the God . . . who encourages us in all our trials . ” ​ — 2 COR . 1 : 3 , 4 , ftn .
SONGS : 7 , 3
How has Jehovah proved to be a God who gives encouragement ?
How did Jesus show himself to be encouraging ?
How did the apostles encourage their brothers ?
What encouragement did Jehovah give at the time of the rebellion in Eden ?
EVER since humankind fell into sin and imperfection , Jehovah has proved that he is a God who gives encouragement .
Immediately after the rebellion in Eden , he gave Adam’s future descendants reason to take courage . All was not lost for the human family .
Once understood , the prophetic promise written at Genesis 3 : 15 would give humankind hope that eventually “ the original serpent , ” Satan the Devil , and all his evil works would be destroyed . ​ — Rev .
12 : 9 ; 1 John 3 : 8 .
How did Jehovah encourage Noah ?
Jehovah’s servant Noah lived in an ungodly world where the only people who worshipped Jehovah were members of his family .
With violence and sexual perversion rampant all around him , Noah could have become discouraged .
But Jehovah gave him information that infused him with the courage he needed to persevere in his efforts to ‘ walk with God . ’
Jehovah told Noah that He was going to put an end to that wicked world and instructed him about what he must do to ensure his family’s safety .
Jehovah proved to be for Noah a God of encouragement .

What encouragement did Joshua receive ?
( See opening picture . )
Later , Joshua had the daunting task of settling God’s people in the Promised Land .
This involved conquering powerful armies of the nations that occupied the territory .
Joshua had every reason to be apprehensive .

Knowing this , Jehovah instructed Moses to reassure Joshua .
God said : “ Commission Joshua and encourage him and strengthen him , because he is the one who will cross over before this people and he is the one who will cause them to inherit the land that you will see . ”
Before Joshua went into action , Jehovah encouraged him , saying : “ Have I not commanded you ?
Be courageous and strong . Do not be struck with terror or fear , for Jehovah your God is with you wherever you go . ”
What reassuring encouragement !
4 , 5 . ( a ) What encouragement did Jehovah give to his ancient people ?
( b ) How did Jehovah encourage his Son ?
Not only did Jehovah encourage individuals but he also gave words of encouragement to his people as a group .
In prophetic terms that would prove to be of comfort to the Jews held captive in Babylon , Jehovah stated : “ Do not be afraid , for I am with you .
Do not be anxious , for I am your God . I will fortify you , yes , I will help you , I will really hold on to you with my right hand of righteousness . ”
The early Christians had the same assurance , and so do God’s people today . ​ — Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 3 , 4 .
Jesus himself received encouragement from his Father .
At his baptism , Jesus heard a voice from heaven say : “ This is my Son , the beloved , whom I have approved . ”
How those words must have strengthened Jesus throughout his earthly ministry !
How does the parable of the talents provide encouragement ?
Jesus imitated his Father’s example .
The parable of the talents , given in Jesus ’ prophecy about the conclusion of the system of things , encourages faithfulness .
The master honored each of the faithful slaves with the words : “ Well done , good and faithful slave !
You were faithful over a few things .
I will appoint you over many things .
Enter into the joy of your master . ”
What strong encouragement to continue serving Jehovah faithfully !
What encouragement did Jesus give to his apostles and to Peter in particular ?
Jesus ’ apostles often quarreled over who was the greatest among them , but Jesus patiently encouraged them to humble themselves and to become servants , not bosses .
Peter in particular disappointed Jesus several times .
Rather than reject Peter , Jesus encouraged him and even commissioned him to strengthen his brothers . ​ — John 21 : 16 .
How did Hezekiah encourage the military chiefs and the people of Judah ?
Even before Jehovah’s Son came to earth and set a perfect example of how to impart encouragement , faithful servants of Jehovah were conscious of the need to be encouraging .
When threatened by the Assyrians , Hezekiah assembled the military chiefs and the people of Judah to encourage them .
“ And the people were strengthened by [ his ] words . ” ​ — Read 2 Chronicles 32 : 6 - 8 .
What does the book of Job teach us about giving encouragement ?
Although in need of consolation himself , Job gave his three “ troublesome comforters ” a lesson in giving encouragement .
He told them that if he had been in their place , he ‘ would have strengthened them with the words of his mouth , and the consolation of his lips would have brought them relief . ’
Finally , Job received encouragement from Elihu and from Jehovah himself . ​ — Job 33 : 24 , 25 ; 36 : 1 , 11 ; 42 : 7 , 10 .
10 , 11 . ( a ) Why did Jephthah’s daughter need to be encouraged ?
( b ) Who today deserve similar encouragement ?
Another example in ancient times of someone in need of encouragement is Jephthah’s daughter .
Before going out to combat the Ammonites , Judge Jephthah vowed that if Jehovah gave him the victory , the first person who would come out to meet him after the battle would be devoted to Jehovah’s service at the sanctuary .
It so happened that it was his daughter , his only child , who came out to celebrate his victory with him .
Jephthah’s heart was broken . But he kept his vow and sent his virgin daughter to Shiloh to serve at the tabernacle for the rest of her life . ​ — Judg .
11 : 30 - 35 .
However hard this was on Jephthah , it may have been harder still on his daughter , who willingly complied with her father’s decision .
She thus relinquished the right to marry , to have children , and to preserve the family name and inheritance .
If anyone , then , needed comfort and encouragement , she did .
The Bible account states : “ It became a custom in Israel : From year to year , the young women of Israel would go to give commendation to the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in the year . ”
Do not unmarried Christians who use their singleness to give greater attention to “ the things of the Lord ” also deserve commendation and encouragement ? ​ — 1 Cor .
7 : 32 - 35 .
12 , 13 .
How did Peter ‘ strengthen his brothers ’ ?
On the night before his death , Jesus told the apostle Peter : “ Simon , Simon , look !
Satan has demanded to have all of you to sift you as wheat . But I have made supplication for you that your faith may not give out ; and you , once you have returned , strengthen your brothers . ” ​ — Luke 22 : 31 , 32 .
The apostles ’ letters did much to encourage the congregations in the first century , and they build us up to this day ( See paragraphs 12 - 17 )
Peter proved to be a pillar in the early Christian congregation .
He encouraged his brothers by his courageous example at Pentecost and thereafter . Toward the end of his long ministry , he wrote to fellow Christians .
Explaining why , he stated : “ I have written you in few words in order to encourage you and to give an earnest witness that this is the true undeserved kindness of God . Stand firm in it . ”
Peter’s inspired letters have continued to be a source of encouragement to Christians throughout the ages and up to this day .
How we need this encouragement as we await the fulfillment of Jehovah’s promises ! ​ — 2 Pet . 3 : 13 .
14 , 15 .
How have the inspired writings of the apostle John been a source of encouragement for Christians throughout the centuries ?
The apostle John was also a pillar in the early Christian congregation .
His riveting Gospel account of Jesus ’ ministry has been a source of encouragement to Christians throughout the centuries ​ — and still is .
His Gospel alone preserves Jesus ’ statement that love is the identifying mark of his true disciples . ​ — Read John 13 : 34 , 35 .
John’s three letters contain further gems of truth .
When we are weighed down with the burden of sin , are we not relieved to read that “ the blood of Jesus . . . cleanses us from all sin ” ?

And if our heart continues to condemn us , do we not get a lump in our throat and tears of gratitude in our eyes when we read that “ God is greater than our hearts ” ?
John alone wrote that “ God is love . ”
His second and third letters commend Christians who continue “ walking in the truth . ” ​ — 2 John 4 ; 3 John 3 , 4 .
16 , 17 .
What encouragement did the apostle Paul give the early Christians ?
In the first century , perhaps the apostle who did the most to encourage his brothers was the apostle Paul .
It appears that in the early days of Christianity , most of the apostles remained in Jerusalem , which continued to be the location of the governing body .
Christians in Judea preached Christ to people who because of the influence of Judaism believed in one God .
On the other hand , the apostle Paul was sent by the holy spirit to preach to the people of the nations of the Greco - Roman world , who worshipped many gods . ​ — Gal .
2 : 7 - 9 ; 1 Tim .
2 : 7 .
Paul traveled far and wide in what is now Turkey , as well as in Greece and Italy , establishing Christian congregations among non - Jews .

These newly converted Christians “ suffered at the hands of [ their ] own countrymen ” and needed encouragement .
About the year 50 C.E . , Paul wrote to the young congregation in Thessalonica : “ We always thank God when we mention all of you in our prayers , for we continually remember your faithful work , your loving labor , and your endurance . ”
He also exhorted them to strengthen one another , saying : “ Keep encouraging one another and building one another up . ” ​ — 1 Thess .
5 : 11 .
How did the first - century governing body encourage Philip ?
The first - century governing body proved to be a source of encouragement both to those taking the lead and to Christians in general .
When Philip the evangelizer preached about Christ to the Samaritans , he received the full backing of those on the governing body .
They sent two of their number , Peter and John , to pray for the new believers to receive holy spirit .
How Philip himself as well as those he had converted must have been encouraged by this support from the governing body !
What effect did the letter sent by the governing body have on the early Christian congregation ?
Later , the governing body was called upon to decide whether non - Jewish Christians should be required to submit to circumcision , as had been required of Jews by the Law of Moses .
Under the guidance of the holy spirit and after reasoning on the Scriptures , the responsible brothers decided that this was no longer necessary , and they wrote a letter to the congregations to that effect .
Representatives of the governing body were sent out to the congregations to deliver the letter . The result ?
“ After reading it , they rejoiced over the encouragement . ” ​ — Acts 15 : 27 - 32 .
( a ) What encouragement does the Governing Body today give to the international brotherhood ?
( b ) What question will be answered in the following article ?
Today , the Governing Body of Jehovah’s Witnesses gives encouragement to Bethel family members , to special full - time field workers , and indeed , to the entire international brotherhood of true Christians .
And the result is the same as in the first century ​ — rejoicing over the encouragement !
In addition , in 2015 the Governing Body published the brochure Return to Jehovah , which has proved to be a rich source of encouragement to many throughout the world .
But is it only those in authority who should imitate Jehovah in giving encouragement ?
The answer to that question will be found in the following article .
“ Let us consider one another . . . , encouraging one another , and all the more so as you see the day drawing near . ” ​ — HEB .
10 : 24 , 25 .
SONGS : 90 , 87
Why did the apostle Paul use the expression “ all the more so ” when he instructed Christians to encourage one another ?
Who are in need of encouragement today ?
Who can encourage fellow Christians ?
Why did the apostle Paul exhort the early Hebrew Christians to encourage one another “ all the more so ” ?
WHY should we intensify our efforts to be encouraging ?
The apostle Paul gives us the reason in his letter to Hebrew Christians .
He told them : “ Let us consider one another so as to incite to love and fine works , not forsaking our meeting together , as some have the custom , but encouraging one another , and all the more so as you see the day drawing near . ”
Within just five years , Jewish Christians living in Jerusalem would see a “ day of Jehovah ” approaching and recognize the sign Jesus had given them to flee for their lives from that city .
That day of Jehovah arrived in 70 C.E . when the Romans executed Jehovah’s judgment on Jerusalem .
Why should we today be increasingly concerned about encouraging one another ?
Today , we have every reason to believe that the “ great and very awe - inspiring ” day of Jehovah is near .
The prophet Zephaniah said : “ The great day of Jehovah is near !
It is near and it is approaching very quickly ! ”
That prophetic warning also applies to our time .
In view of the proximity of Jehovah’s day , Paul tells us to “ be concerned about one another so as to incite to love and fine works . ”
We should , therefore , be increasingly interested in our brothers , so that we can encourage them whenever needed .
What did the apostle Paul state about encouragement ?
( See opening picture . )
“ Anxiety in a man’s heart weighs it down , but a good word cheers it up . ”
This is true of all of us .
We all need a word of encouragement from time to time .
Paul showed that even one who has the responsibility of encouraging others needs to be built up himself . To Christians living in Rome , he wrote : “ I am longing to see you , that I may impart some spiritual gift to you for you to be made firm ; or , rather , that we may have an interchange of encouragement by one another’s faith , both yours and mine . ”
Yes , Paul , who gave outstanding encouragement to others , at times needed to be built up himself . ​ — Read Romans 15 : 30 - 32 .
4 , 5 .
Whom can we encourage today , and why ?
Those who live a life of self - sacrifice should be commended .
Among these are the faithful pioneers .
Many have made great sacrifices in order to make room in their lives for the pioneer service .
The same is true of missionaries , Bethelites , circuit overseers and their wives , and those who work in remote translation offices .
All of these make sacrifices in their lives in order to devote more time to sacred service .
They , therefore , ought to receive encouragement .
And those whose heart is still in the full - time service but who for various reasons have had to limit their activity also appreciate receiving encouragement .
Brothers and sisters who remain single because they want to obey the admonition to marry “ only in the Lord ” make up another group that merits encouragement .
Likewise , hardworking wives appreciate hearing upbuilding words from their husbands .
Also , Christians who remain faithful through persecution or illness need to hear encouragement .
Jehovah and Christ comfort all these faithful servants . ​ — Read 2 Thessalonians 2 : 16 , 17 .
What is the role of the elders as described at Isaiah 32 : 1 , 2 ?
Read Isaiah 32 : 1 , 2 .

Jesus Christ , through his anointed brothers and supportive “ princes ” of the other sheep , provides encouragement and guidance to despondent and discouraged ones in this time of need .
That is as it should be , for these elders are not “ masters ” over the faith of others but “ are fellow workers ” for the joy of their brothers . ​ — 2 Cor .
1 : 24 .
7 , 8 .
In addition to sharing words of encouragement , how can the elders build others up ?
The apostle Paul set an example to be imitated .
He wrote to the persecuted Christians in Thessalonica : “ Having tender affection for you , we were determined to impart to you , not only the good news of God but also our very selves , because you became so beloved to us . ” ​ — 1 Thess .
2 : 8 .
Showing that just a word of encouragement does not always suffice , Paul told the elders from Ephesus : “ You must assist those who are weak and must keep in mind the words of the Lord Jesus , when he himself said : ‘ There is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving . ’ ”
Paul was willing not only to encourage his brothers but also to “ spend and be completely spent for ” them .
Similarly , elders should not only encourage and console their brothers with words but also build them up by showing sincere personal interest . ​ — 1 Cor .
14 : 3 .
How can the elders give counsel in an encouraging way ?
Building one another up may involve giving counsel , but here again , elders should follow the example given in the Bible about how to give counsel in an encouraging way .
An outstanding example in this respect was given by Jesus himself after his death and resurrection .
He had some firm counsel to give to certain congregations in Asia Minor , but notice how he went about it .
Before giving them counsel , he gave warm commendation to the congregations in Ephesus , Pergamum , and Thyatira .
He told the congregation in Laodicea : “ All those for whom I have affection , I reprove and discipline .
So be zealous and repent . ”
Elders would do well to imitate Christ’s example when they need to give counsel .
Parents , are you training your children to encourage others ?
( See paragraph 10 )
How can all of us share in building one another up ?
Being encouraging is not the exclusive responsibility of the elders .
Paul exhorted all Christians to speak “ what is good for building up as the need may be , to impart what is beneficial ” to others .
Each of us should be alert to observe “ the need ” that others have .
Paul counseled Hebrew Christians : “ Strengthen the hands that hang down and the feeble knees , and keep making straight paths for your feet , so that what is lame may not be put out of joint but , rather , may be healed . ”
All of us , including young ones , can build one another up by words of encouragement .
How was Marthe helped during a period of depression ?
Marthe , * a sister who went through a period of depression , writes : “ One day when I was praying for encouragement , I met an older sister who showed me affection and compassion , which I was in particular need of at the time .
She also shared with me her own experience with the kind of test I was going through , and I felt less alone . ”
Possibly , the older sister did not realize the good effect that her words would have on Marthe .
12 , 13 .
In what positive ways can we apply the advice given at Philippians 2 : 1 - 4 ?
Paul gave this advice to all the members of the congregation in Philippi : “ If , then , there is any encouragement in Christ , if any consolation of love , if any spiritual fellowship , if any tender affection and compassion , make my joy full by being of the same mind and having the same love , being completely united , having the one thought in mind .
Do nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism , but with humility consider others superior to you , as you look out not only for your own interests , but also for the interests of others . ” ​ — Phil .
2 : 1 - 4 .
Yes , all of us should endeavor to look out for the interests of others , offering a “ consolation of love , ” “ spiritual fellowship , ” and “ tender affection and compassion ” to encourage our brothers and sisters .
What can be a source of encouragement ?
News of faithfulness on the part of those we have helped in the past can be a real source of encouragement , as it was for the apostle John , who wrote : “ No greater joy do I have than this : that I should hear that my children go on walking in the truth . ”
Many pioneers can attest to how encouraging it is for them to learn that some of those they helped into the truth years ago are staying faithful and perhaps are even serving as pioneers .
Simply reminding a discouraged pioneer of past joys can be a real source of comfort .
What is one way that we can encourage those who are serving faithfully ?
Many circuit overseers have stated how encouraged they and their wives felt after receiving even a short note of gratitude for their visit to a congregation .
The same can be true of elders , missionaries , pioneers , and Bethel family members who receive a word of appreciation for their faithful service .
What does it take to encourage someone ?
It would be an error on our part if we believed that we cannot be encouraging because we are not particularly communicative .
It does not take much to be a source of encouragement ​ — perhaps no more than a warm smile when greeting someone .
If there is no smile in return , it could mean that there is a problem , and just listening to the other person may bring comfort . ​ — Jas .
1 : 19 .
How was one young brother helped during a time of distress ?
Henri , a young brother , was greatly distressed when his close relatives , including his father , who had been a respected elder , left the truth .

Henri was encouraged by a circuit overseer who took him to a café for a cup of coffee and allowed him to open his heart .
Henri realized that the only way to help his family come back to the truth was for him to persevere faithfully .
He found great comfort in reading Psalm 46 ; Zephaniah 3 : 17 ; and Mark 10 : 29 , 30 .
All of us can build up and encourage one another ( See paragraph 18 )
( a ) What observation did King Solomon make ?
( b ) What suggestion did the apostle Paul make ?
The examples of Marthe and Henri show that we can be encouraging to a brother or a sister who is in need of comfort .
King Solomon wrote : “ A word spoken at the right time ​ — how good it is !
A cheerful glance makes the heart rejoice ; a good report invigorates the bones . ”
Additionally , reading from The Watchtower or our website can invigorate someone who is downcast .
Paul shows that singing a Kingdom song together can be a source of encouragement .
He wrote : “ Keep on teaching and encouraging one another with psalms , praises to God , spiritual songs sung with gratitude , singing in your hearts to Jehovah . ” ​ — Col .
3 : 16 ; Acts 16 : 25 .
Why will mutual encouragement become more and more important in the days ahead , and what should we do ?
Mutual encouragement will become more and more important as we see Jehovah’s day “ drawing near . ”
As Paul said to fellow Christians of his day , “ keep encouraging one another and building one another up , just as you are in fact doing . ” ​ — 1 Thess .
5 : 11 .
Names have been changed .
“ Commit to Jehovah whatever you do , and your plans will succeed . ” ​ — PROV .
16 : 3 .
SONGS : 135 , 144
How can young ones benefit from applying Proverbs 16 : 3 ?
What goals can young people work toward ?
What will help youths not to be distracted ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) What challenge confronts all young people , and how might this be illustrated ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) How can Christian youths best meet this challenge ?
SUPPOSE you plan to travel to a distant town for an important event .
Getting there requires a long journey by bus .
At the bus station , you are overwhelmed by crowds of passengers and many buses .
How good it is that you have your goal clearly in mind ​ — finding the bus that is going to your chosen destination !
Boarding a bus going anywhere else would mean that you would head in the wrong direction .
Young people today might be likened to those passengers .
Adolescents face a long journey , not by bus , but in life .
At times they may feel overwhelmed by the opportunities and decisions that confront them .
Youths , you can make it easier for yourselves if you have a good idea where you want to go in life .
Where should you be headed ?
This article answers that question by encouraging youths to focus their life on their desire to please Jehovah .
That means including Jehovah in all aspects of life ​ — education , employment , family responsibilities , and so on .
And it means reaching out for spiritual goals .
Young people who keep focused on serving Jehovah can be sure of his blessing in making a success of life . ​ — Read Proverbs 16 : 3 .
What will we examine in this article ?
Setting theocratic goals early in life makes good sense .
Why ?
We will examine three reasons .
The first two show that working on spiritual goals strengthens a person’s relationship with Jehovah ; the third highlights the benefit of aiming for theocratic targets early in life .
What is the primary reason for setting spiritual goals ?
The primary reason for setting spiritual goals is to show Jehovah how grateful we are for his love and for what he has done for us .
The psalmist observed : “ It is good to give thanks to Jehovah . . .
For you have made me rejoice , O Jehovah , because of your deeds ; because of the works of your hands I shout joyfully . ”
As a young person , think of all you owe to Jehovah .
Your life , your faith , the Bible , the congregation , and your wonderful hope for the future .
Giving priority to spiritual matters is a way of showing gratitude to God for these blessings , and that brings you closer to him .
( a ) What effect do spiritual goals have on our relationship with Jehovah ?
( b ) What goals can be set at an early age ?
The second reason is that once you start working toward spiritual goals , you begin building a record of good works in Jehovah’s eyes .
This brings you even closer to him .
The apostle Paul promised : “ God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name . ”
You are never too young to set goals .
Christine was ten years old when she made up her mind to read regularly the life stories of faithful Witnesses .
At 12 years of age , Toby set the goal of reading the entire Bible before his baptism .
Maxim was 11 years old and his sister Noemi was one year younger when they got baptized .
Both then began working toward the goal of Bethel service .
To help themselves keep focused , they put a Bethel application up on a wall in their home .
Why not consider which goals are important to you and then start working toward them ? ​ — Read Philippians 1 : 10 , 11 .
7 , 8 . ( a ) How can setting goals make decision - making easier ?
( b ) Why did one teenager choose not to go to a university ?
The third reason for setting goals early in life has to do with decision - making .
Adolescents have to make decisions about education , employment , and other matters .
Making decisions is like choosing the right road when you come to an intersection .
As long as you know the way to your destination , choosing the right road presents no problem .
In the same way , if you know what your goals are , making good decisions becomes easier .
Proverbs 21 : 5 says : “ The plans of the diligent surely lead to success . ”
The earlier you make plans by setting good goals , the sooner you will have success .
That is what Damaris experienced when she faced an important decision as a teenager .
Damaris finished her basic schooling with top grades .
She could have accepted a scholarship to study law at a university , but she chose instead to work in a bank .
Why ?
“ I made up my mind very early on to pioneer . That meant working part - time .
With a university degree in law , I could have earned a lot of money , but I would have had little chance of finding part - time work . ”
Damaris has now been a pioneer for 20 years .
Does she feel that she set the right goal and made the correct decision as a teenager ?
“ At my workplace in the bank , I now have much contact with lawyers .
They do the sort of work I would be doing had I studied law .
Many , though , are very unhappy with their jobs .
My decision to pioneer helped me sidestep frustration in a secular career and opened the way for years of joy in Jehovah’s service . ”
Why do our young people deserve warm praise ?
Thousands of young ones in congregations all over the world deserve warm praise .
They commit themselves to Jehovah and focus their lives on theocratic goals .
Such young people enjoy life to the full while at the same time learning to follow Jehovah’s guidance in all endeavors .
These include education , employment , and family life .
“ Trust in Jehovah with all your heart , ” wrote Solomon .
“ In all your ways take notice of him , and he will make your paths straight . ”
Youths in the Christian congregation are precious in the eyes of Jehovah , who loves them dearly and gives them his protection , guidance , and blessing .
( a ) Why must the ministry be high on our list of priorities ?
( b ) How can we become effective in the ministry ?
A young person who focuses his life on the desire to please Jehovah gives special attention to the ministry .
Jesus Christ stressed that “ the good news has to be preached first . ”
Because the preaching work is so urgent , it should be high on our list of priorities .
Could you set the goal of sharing in the ministry more often ?
Could you pioneer ?
But what if you find little joy in preaching ?
And how can you be more effective at giving a witness ?
Two basic steps will help : Prepare well , and do not give up sharing what you know with others .
It might surprise you how much joy you will then find when preaching .
How do you prepare to give a witness ?
( See paragraphs 11 , 12 )
11 , 12 . ( a ) What can young ones do to prepare to give a witness ?
( b ) How did one youth use an opportunity to give a witness at school ?
You could start by working out an answer to a question commonly raised by schoolmates , such as “ Why do you believe in God ? ”
Our jw.org website contains articles designed to help young people work out for themselves how to answer that question .
Look under BIBLE TEACHINGS > TEENAGERS .
There you will find a worksheet entitled “ Why Do I Believe in God ? ”
The worksheet will guide you in preparing your own answer .
It provides three scriptures you can use when explaining your conviction ​ — Hebrews 3 : 4 , Romans 1 : 20 , and Psalm 139 : 14 .
Using these worksheets , you can prepare an answer to one question after another . ​ — Read 1 Peter 3 : 15 .
As you have opportunity , encourage your schoolmates to look up jw.org for themselves .
That is what Luca did .
His class was discussing different religions , and Luca noticed that the textbook contained some wrong ideas about Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Although he felt hesitant , he asked permission to correct these false claims , and the teacher agreed .

Not only did Luca explain his beliefs but he also showed our website to the whole class .
For homework the teacher asked each pupil to view the whiteboard animation Beat a Bully Without Using Your Fists .
Luca was thrilled to be able to give a good witness .
Why should we not give up when difficulties arise ?
Do not lose heart , even if the road you travel gets bumpy at times .
When difficulties arise , stick to your goals .
Katharina was 17 years old when she made it her goal to witness to each colleague at work .
One person insulted her several times , but she refused to be intimidated .
Her fine conduct in the face of difficulties impressed another colleague named Hans .
As a result , he read our publications , studied the Bible , and got baptized .
Katharina had moved away and did not know all of this .
Imagine her joy when 13 years later she was sitting in the Kingdom Hall with her family and Hans was introduced as the visiting speaker !
How good that Katharina did not give up on her goal to witness to her workmates !

14 , 15 . ( a ) When under pressure , what should youths keep in mind ?
( b ) How can youths combat peer pressure ?
So far this article has encouraged you to make up your mind to focus your life on your desire to serve Jehovah .
This means centering your life on spiritual goals .
Other youths of your age probably center their lives on having a good time , and they will likely invite you to join them .
Sooner or later you will need to show how determined you are to stick to the choices you have made .
Do not be distracted by peer pressure .
After all , thinking again of the bus illustration , you surely would not board a bus going just anywhere simply because the passengers on that bus appear to be having a good time .
There are a number of ways to combat peer pressure .
For instance , avoid situations that are known to be tempting .
And remind yourself of the painful consequences of joining others in bad behavior .
A further help is to admit your own need for advice .
Humility will allow you to be open to suggestions from your parents and spiritually mature ones in the congregation . ​ — Read 1 Peter 5 : 5 , 6 .
Relate an experience showing the benefits of humility .
Humility moved Christoph to accept good advice .
Shortly after he got baptized , he began training regularly at a fitness center .

Other young people at the center urged him to join their sports club .
He spoke about the matter to an elder , who asked Christoph to think about certain dangers before making a decision , such as the risk of getting infected by the spirit of competition .
Christoph joined the club anyway .
In time , however , he discovered that the sport was violent , even dangerous .
Again he spoke to several elders , all of whom gave him Scriptural advice .
“ Jehovah sent me good advisers , and I listened to Him , even if it took some time . ”
Are you humble enough to accept sound advice ?
17 , 18 . ( a ) What does Jehovah want for young people today ?
( b ) What sad situation may arise in adulthood , and how can this be avoided ?
Illustrate .
“ Rejoice , young man [ or woman ] , while you are young , and let your heart be glad in the days of your youth . ”
Yes , Jehovah wants you as a young person to have a joyful heart .
This article has highlighted one way to make that possible .
Keep yourself focused on theocratic goals , including Jehovah in all your plans .
The earlier you start to do this , the sooner you will sense Jehovah’s guidance , protection , and blessing .
Think of all the sound counsel you find in God’s Word , and take to heart the advice : “ Remember , then , your Grand Creator in the days of your youth . ” ​ — Eccl .
12 : 1 .
No one remains young for long .
Young people quickly progress to adulthood .
Sad to say , as adults , many then regret having followed the wrong goals when they were young or , just as frustrating , having had no goals at all .
But youths who today keep focused on theocratic goals will well into adulthood be deeply satisfied with the choices they made .
This is the case with Mirjana , who as a teenager was very talented at sports .
She was asked to take part in the Winter Olympic Games but chose instead to take up the full - time ministry .
Over 30 years later , Mirjana is still in full - time service , together with her husband .
She explains : “ Fame , honor , power , and riches are transitory and lowly goals in life .
Serving God and trying to contribute in some small way to helping people spiritually are truly noble and lasting goals . ”
Summarize the benefits of being focused on spiritual goals early in life .
Young people in the congregation deserve warm commendation for the way they meet these challenges and for being determined to focus their lives on serving Jehovah .
Youths do this by reaching out for spiritual goals and by giving the preaching work high priority .
Moreover , they make up their mind not to be distracted by this world .

Adolescents can be sure that their hard work is not in vain .
They have the loving support of their brothers and sisters , and when they commit themselves to Jehovah , their plans in life will succeed .
The Hebrew wording allows for both renderings .
That said , the revised wording is based on the following factors :
The revised wording has lexical and grammatical support .
The connection between Psalm 144 : 12 - 15 and the preceding verses hangs on the meaning given to the first word in verse 12 , which is the Hebrew term asher .
Asher can be rendered in a number of ways .
For example , it can be understood as a relative pronoun , such as “ who ” or “ whom . ”
“ Who ” was the meaning given in the earlier rendering . As a result , the good things mentioned in verses 12 to 14 were applied to the wicked , who were mentioned in the preceding verses .
However , asher can also indicate result or consequence and can be translated “ that , ” “ so that , ” or “ then . ”
“ Then ” is the rendering used in the 2013 revision and in other Bible translations .
The revised wording fits in well with the rest of the psalm .
The use of “ then ” in verse 12 means that the blessings that follow in verses 12 to 14 are understood as applying to the righteous ​ — those who ask to be ‘ rescued and saved ’ from the wicked .
This adjustment is also reflected in verse 15 , where the two occurrences of the word “ happy ” are now in parallel in a positive or complementary way .
As a result , in both instances such happiness applies to the same people ​ — those “ whose God is Jehovah ! ”
Keep in mind , too , that the original Hebrew text had no punctuation , such as quotation marks .
Hence , translators must determine the correct sense , taking into account the Hebrew poetic style , the context , and the related Bible passages .
The revised wording harmonizes with other Bible passages that promise divine blessings for God’s faithful people .
As a result of the adjusted rendering of the term asher , the psalm now reflects David’s well - founded hope that after God delivered the nation of Israel from its enemies , He would bless the people with happiness and prosperity .
For example , Deuteronomy 28 : 4 states : “ Blessed will be your children and the fruit of your ground and the offspring of your livestock , your young cattle and sheep . ”
Indeed , during the reign of David’s son Solomon , the nation enjoyed unprecedented peace and prosperity .
What is more , aspects of Solomon’s reign point forward to the rule of the Messiah . ​ — 1 Ki . 4 : 20 , 21 ; Ps .
72 : 1 - 20 . In conclusion , the adjusted wording in Psalm 144 does not change our understanding of Bible teachings .
It does , however , make the whole psalm reflect more clearly the long - cherished hope of Jehovah’s servants ​ — the divine execution of the wicked followed by the establishment of lasting peace and prosperity for the righteous . ​ — Ps .
37 : 10 , 11 .
3 Life Story ​ — A Poor Start — ​ A Rich Ending
9 Peace ​ — How Can You Find It ?
12 Jehovah Loves Those Who “ Bear Fruit With Endurance ”
17 Why We “ Keep Bearing Much Fruit ”
The first of these two articles considers Jesus ’ parables of the vine and of the sower and explains what they teach us about our preaching work .
The second article examines several Scriptural reasons that motivate us to carry out the preaching work with endurance .
22 Know Your Enemy
27 Young Ones ​ — Stand Firm Against the Devil
Satan is our enemy .
What is the extent of his influence ?
What are the limits of his power ?
And how can all of us , including young Christians , resist him ?
These two articles will answer those questions and will help us strengthen our resolve to stand firm against the Devil .
32 An Abundant Harvest !
LIFE STORY
As told by Samuel F .
Herd
I was born in a one - room log cabin in a very small town called Liberty , Indiana , U.S.A .
My parents already had three children when I came along ​ — my older brother and two sisters .
Later , my mother gave birth to my two younger brothers and my younger sister .
The log cabin where I was born
DURING my school years , not much changed .
In my school , the people you were with in first grade were the same ones you finished school with ; in fact , you knew the names of most people in town , and they knew yours .
I was one of seven children , and I learned a lot about farming as a youth
The town of Liberty was surrounded by small farms , and the basic crop was corn .
When I was born , my father was working for one of the local farmers .
As a teenager , I learned to drive a tractor and became familiar with other basic farming skills . I never knew a young father .
My father was 56 years old when I was born ; my mother was 35 .
Nevertheless , my father was a lean , healthy , strong man who loved hard work and taught all of us kids to value it as well .
He never made much money , but he kept a roof over our heads , clothes on our backs , and food in our stomachs ​ — and he was always there for us .
He was 93 years old when he died .
My mother died at the age of 86 .
Neither of them served Jehovah .
Of my siblings , I have one brother who has served faithfully as an elder since that arrangement began back in the early 1970 ’ s .
My mother was very religious .
She took us to the Baptist church every Sunday .
When I was 12 , I first heard about the Trinity .
Curious , I asked my mom : “ How can Jesus be both the Son and the Father at the same time ? ”
I remember her answer : “ Son , it’s a mystery . We’re not meant to understand it . ”
It certainly was a mystery to me .
Still , when I was about 14 , I got baptized in a local creek ​ — dipped three times for the Trinity !

1952 — At age 17 , before I was drafted into the army
While I was in high school , I had a friend who was a prizefighter , and he convinced me to try boxing .
So I started training , and I enrolled in the Golden Gloves , a boxing organization .
I wasn’t very good , so after a few bouts , I gave it up .
Later , I was drafted into the U.S .
Army and sent to Germany .
While I was serving there , my superiors sent me to a Noncommissioned Officers Academy , thinking that I had natural leadership abilities .

They wanted me to make the military my career .
I had no desire to stay in the military service , so after finishing my service time of two years , I was honorably discharged in 1956 .
Before too long , though , I enrolled in a very different army .
1954 - 1956 — I spent two years in the U.S . Army
Up to this point in my life , I had learned to be somewhat macho .
The idea of what a man should be like , as presented in the movies and the social environment , influenced me a great deal .
To my way of thinking , preachers were not manly enough .
But I began to learn some things that turned my life around .
One day , while I was driving my red convertible through town , two young women waved me over .
I knew them ​ — they were the younger sisters of the man who had married my older sister .
Anyway , these two girls were Jehovah’s Witnesses .
I had accepted the Watchtower and Awake !
magazines from them before , but I generally felt that The Watchtower was a bit too deep for my taste .
This time , however , they invited me to come to a Congregation Book Study , a small meeting for Bible study and discussion that was held in their home .
I told them I would think about it .
“ Do you promise ? ” the smiling girls asked me .
“ I promise , ” I said .
I had some regrets about making that promise , but I felt that I could not back out . So that night I went .
The children impressed me the most .
I couldn’t believe how much they knew about the Bible !
After all those Sundays of churchgoing with my mother , I still had very little Bible knowledge .
Now I was determined to learn more .
I agreed to a Bible study .
I learned early on that the personal name of God Almighty is Jehovah .
Years before , when I asked my mother about Jehovah’s Witnesses , she simply said , “ Oh , they worship some old man named Jehovah . ”
But I now felt that my eyes were being opened !
I made rapid progress , for I knew that I had found the truth .
Within nine months of that first meeting , I got baptized ​ — in March of 1957 .
My outlook on life changed .
When I think about my old macho attitude , I am glad that I learned what the Bible teaches about real manliness .
Jesus was a perfect man .
He had strength and physical power that would make any ‘ macho man ’ pale in comparison .
Yet , he did not get involved in fights , but “ he let himself be afflicted , ” just as was foretold .
I learned that a true follower of Jesus “ needs to be gentle toward all . ” ​ — 2 Tim .
2 : 24 .
I started pioneering the next year , in 1958 .
Soon , though , I had to stop for a short time .
Why ?
I had decided to take a bride ​ — Gloria , one of those two young ladies who had invited me to the book study !
I have never regretted that decision .
Gloria was a jewel then , and she is a jewel today .
To me , she is like the Hope Diamond ​ — but I don’t have to hope in this case .
I married her !
Let her tell you a bit about herself :
“ I was one of 17 children .
My mom was a faithful Witness .
She died when I was 14 .
That was when my dad began studying .
With Mom gone , Dad made an arrangement with the school principal .
My older sister was then a senior in high school , and Dad asked if she and I could go to school on alternate days .
We would take turns so that one of us could be at home to take care of the younger children and have dinner ready for the family by the time Dad came home from work .
The school principal approved , and that arrangement lasted until my sister graduated .
Two Witness families studied with us , and 11 of us children grew up to be Jehovah’s Witnesses .
I enjoyed field service , even though I have always struggled with shyness .
Sam has helped me with that over the years . ”
Gloria and I got married in February of 1959 .
We enjoyed pioneering together .
In July of that year , we applied for Bethel service , for we longed to serve at world headquarters .
A dear brother , Simon Kraker , interviewed us .
He told us that Bethel was not accepting married couples at that time .
We never lost that desire to serve at Bethel ​ — but it proved to be a long time in coming !
We wrote to world headquarters , asking to be sent to serve where the need was greater .
In response , we were given just one choice : Pine Bluff , Arkansas .
In those days , there were two congregations in Pine Bluff ​ — one white and one “ colored , ” or black .
We were sent to the “ colored ” congregation , which had only about 14 publishers .
You may be wondering why segregation would be practiced in congregations of Jehovah’s Witnesses .


And the answer , put simply , is that there was little choice back in those days .
There were laws in place to make it illegal for the races to mix , and there was also the very real threat of violence .
In many places , the brothers had good reason to fear that if the two races met together for worship , their Kingdom Hall would be destroyed .
Such things did happen .
If black Witnesses preached from door to door in a white neighborhood , they would be arrested ​ — and likely beaten up .
So in order to get the preaching work done , we obeyed the laws , hoping that things would change for the better .
Our ministry had its challenges .
While we were working a black territory , we sometimes inadvertently knocked at a door of a white family .
We had to determine quickly if we should try to give a short Scriptural presentation or just acknowledge our mistake and move on .
In some places , that was how things were in those days .
Of course , we had to work hard secularly to support our pioneering .
Most of our jobs paid three dollars a day .
Gloria had a few housekeeping jobs .
I was permitted to help her at one place so that she could get done in half the time .
We were given lunch ​ — a frozen prepackaged meal called a TV dinner that Gloria and I shared before leaving .
Each week , Gloria did ironing for one family .
I did yard work , washed windows , and cared for other odd jobs .
In the home of one white family , we washed the windows ​ — Gloria did it from the inside , and I did it from the outside .
It took all day , so we were given lunch .
Gloria ate inside the house but separate from the family , while I ate outside in the garage .
I didn’t mind . It was a very good meal .
The family was nice ; they were just locked into that system , that way of thinking .
I remember one time when we stopped at a gas station .
After filling up the tank of our car , I asked the attendant if Gloria could use the restroom .
He just glared at me and said , “ It’s locked . ”
On the other hand , we had wonderful times with the brothers , and we loved our ministry !
When we first arrived in Pine Bluff , we moved in with the brother who was the congregation servant at the time .
His wife was then an unbeliever , and Gloria started a Bible study with her .
Meanwhile , I started a study with the couple’s daughter and her husband .
Mother and daughter both decided to serve Jehovah and got baptized .
We had dear friends in the white congregation .
They would have us over for dinner , but they had to do so under the cover of darkness .
The Ku Klux Klan ( KKK ) , an organization that promotes racism and violence , was very active then .
I remember seeing a man sitting on his front porch one Halloween night proudly wearing a white sheet and hood , as those in the KKK did .

That kind of thing , though , did not stop the brothers from showing kindness .
One summer , we needed funds in order to travel to the convention , and a brother agreed to buy our 1950 Ford in order to make it possible .
One day , a month later , we were tired after walking from door to door in the summer heat and conducting Bible studies . Then we came home to a surprise .
There was our car , parked in front of the house !
A note on the windshield read : “ You can have your car back as a gift from me .
Your brother . ”
Another act of kindness made a lasting impression on me .
In 1962 , I was invited to attend the Kingdom Ministry School at South Lansing , New York .
It was a full month of training for those with oversight of the congregations , circuits , and districts .
When I got the invitation , though , I was unemployed and struggling financially .
However , a telephone company in Pine Bluff had interviewed me for a job .
If they hired me , I would be the first black man to work for that company .
They finally told me that they were going to hire me .
What would I do ?
I had no money to travel to New York .
I seriously thought about taking the job and turning down the invitation to the school .
In fact , I was getting ready to write a letter declining the invitation when something happened that I will never forget .
A sister in our congregation , whose husband was an unbeliever , knocked on our door early one morning and handed me an envelope .
It was full of money .
She and several of her young children had been getting up very early in the morning to go out in the fields and chop cotton ​ — removing the weeds growing between the rows — ​ in order to earn enough money so that I could take the trip to New York .
She said , “ Go to school and learn as much as you can , and come back and teach us ! ”
Later , I asked the telephone company if I could start working there five weeks later than planned .
The answer was an emphatic , “ No ! ”
But it didn’t matter . I had made my decision .
I am so glad that I did not take that job !
Here is how Gloria remembers our time in Pine Bluff : “ I fell in love with the territory !
I had 15 to 20 Bible studies .
So we would go in the house - to - house work in the morning and then conduct Bible studies the rest of the day , sometimes until 11 o’clock at night .
Service was so much fun !
I would happily have stayed in that work .
I have to admit that I did not really want to change my assignment and enter the circuit work , but Jehovah had something else in mind . ”
He certainly did .
While we were pioneering in Pine Bluff , we applied to become special pioneers .
We had high hopes because our district overseer wanted us to help a congregation down in Texas , and he wanted us to go there as specials .
The thought of such a change appealed to us .
So we waited and waited , hoping for an answer from the Society , but we kept finding the mailbox empty .
Finally , a letter came one day ​ — we were assigned to the traveling work !
That was January 1965 .
Brother Leon Weaver , now the coordinator of the United States Branch Committee , was appointed to serve as a circuit overseer at the same time .
I was nervous about becoming a circuit overseer .
A year or so earlier , the district overseer , James A .
Thompson , Jr . , examined my qualifications .
He kindly showed me a few areas in which I could improve , mentioning skills that a good circuit overseer needs .
I had been in the circuit work for only a short time when I realized that his counsel was surely needed .
After I was appointed , Brother Thompson was the first district overseer I served with .
I learned a lot from that faithful spiritual brother .
I cherish the help I received from faithful spiritual brothers
In those days , a circuit overseer received little training .
I spent a week observing a circuit overseer as he visited one congregation .
Then he spent the following week observing me as I visited another congregation .
He offered suggestions and guidance .
But after that we were on our own .
I remember saying to Gloria , “ Does he really have to leave now ? ”
In time , though , I realized something important . There will always be good brothers who can help you ​ — if you let them help you .
I still cherish the help I received from such experienced brothers as J .
R .
Brown , then a traveling overseer , and Fred Rusk of the Bethel family .
Racism ran high in those days .
One time , the KKK held a march in a town we were visiting in Tennessee .

I remember another time when the service group stopped for a break at a fast - food restaurant .
I went to use the men’s restroom , and I noticed that a very rough - looking character , tattooed like a white supremacist , got up and followed me .
But a white brother , far larger than either me or the rough - looking customer , came in after us .
“ Is everything all right , Brother Herd ? ”
he asked me . The other customer left quickly without using the facilities .
Over the years , I have seen that prejudice is not really about a person’s skin ; it is about sin ​ — the Adamic sin that infects us all .
And I have learned that a brother is a brother regardless of skin color , and he will die for you if need be .
We spent 33 years in the traveling work , the last 21 of those in the district work .
They were rich , rewarding years , full of encouraging experiences .
Another reward was on the way , though .
In August 1997 our long - standing dream was realized .

We were invited to serve at the United States Bethel ​ — some 38 years after the first time we applied .
The following month , we began our Bethel service .
I assumed that the responsible brothers at Bethel only wanted me to help out temporarily , but that is not how things turned out .
Gloria was a jewel when I married her , and she still is
I was first assigned to work in the Service Department .
That was a learning experience .
The brothers there have to deal with many sensitive and complex questions from elder bodies and circuit overseers around the country .
I appreciated how patient and helpful the brothers were in training me .
Nonetheless , I feel that if I were assigned to work there again , I would still be a novice .
Gloria and I love Bethel life .
We have always been early risers , and that habit certainly helps at Bethel .
After a year or so , I began serving as a helper to the Service Committee of the Governing Body of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Then in 1999 , I was appointed to be a member of the Governing Body .
I have learned many things in this assignment , but the foremost lesson has been how obvious it is that Jesus Christ ​ — not any man — ​ is the head of the Christian congregation .
Since 1999 , I have been privileged to serve on the Governing Body
Looking back on my life , I sometimes feel a bit like the prophet Amos .
Jehovah took note of that humble shepherd who engaged in menial seasonal work as a nipper of sycamore figs ​ — food considered fit only for the poor .
God appointed Amos to be a prophet , certainly a spiritually rich assignment .

Similarly , Jehovah took note of me , the son of a poor farmer in Liberty , Indiana , and poured out rich blessings on me ​ — too many even to mention !
I certainly feel that my life may have had a poor start materially , but the ending is spiritually rich , far richer than I could ever have imagined !

LOVE JOY
PEACE
PATIENCE
KINDNESS
GOODNESS
FAITH
MILDNESS
SELF - CONTROL
BECAUSE we live in a troubled world , we must work hard to gain peace .
Yet , even when we have a measure of peace , we often struggle to keep it .
What does God’s Word say that can help us to find true and lasting peace ?
And how may we help others to do so ?
In order to enjoy real peace , we must feel safe and have a sense of well - being .
We also need to develop strong friendships with others .
Most important , to find lasting peace , we must cultivate a close friendship with God .
How can we do that ?
Anxieties of life rob many of peace
When we obey Jehovah’s righteous commands and principles , we show that we trust in him and that we desire to have a peaceful relationship with him .
In turn , he draws close to us and blesses us with inner peace .
Isaiah 32 : 17 says : “ The result of true righteousness will be peace , and the fruitage of true righteousness will be lasting tranquillity and security . ”
We can find true inner peace by obeying Jehovah from the heart . ​ — Isa .
48 : 18 , 19 .
We are also helped to develop lasting peace by means of a remarkable gift from our heavenly Father ​ — his holy spirit . ​ — Acts 9 : 31 .
The apostle Paul lists peace as the third aspect of “ the fruitage of the spirit . ”
Since true peace is produced by God’s spirit , we must yield to the influence of the holy spirit to develop true peace .
Let us consider two ways in which God’s spirit can help us find peace .
First , we are helped to develop peace by reading God’s inspired Word regularly .
As we meditate on the Bible’s message , God’s spirit helps us to understand Jehovah’s thinking on many matters . For example , we see how he remains peaceable and why peace is so important to him .
When we apply such lessons from God’s Word , we experience greater peace in our lives . ​ — Prov .
3 : 1 , 2 .
Second , we must pray for God’s holy spirit .
Jehovah promises that if we seek his help , “ the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard [ our ] hearts and [ our ] mental powers by means of Christ Jesus . ”
When we prayerfully rely on Jehovah’s spirit , our God fills us with an inner peace that belongs only to those who have a precious friendship with him . ​ — Rom .
15 : 13 .
How have some applied this Scriptural counsel and made needed changes that allowed them to experience lasting peace ​ — with Jehovah , with themselves , and with fellow humans ?

In the Christian congregation today are some who were once “ prone to anger ” but who are now more thoughtful , kind , patient , and peaceable in their dealings with others .
* Notice how this was true of two Kingdom publishers who were helped to overcome anger and to cultivate peace with others .
Applying Bible principles and praying for God’s spirit will help us to find peace
David’s bad attitude affected his speech .
Before dedicating his life to God , he was often critical of others and used harsh language with his family .
In time , David saw the need to change and become peaceable .
How did he find peace ?
He says , “ I began applying Bible principles in my life , and as a result , the respect between me and my family grew . ”
Rachel’s background influenced her attitude .
She admits , “ Even now , I struggle with feelings of anger because I was brought up in an angry household . ”
What has helped her to become more peaceable ?
She answers , “ Prayerful reliance on Jehovah . ”
David and Rachel are just two examples of the peaceful fruitage that results when we apply inspired Scriptural principles and rely on God’s spirit to help us .
Clearly , despite living in a hostile world , we can have inner peace that contributes to harmony within our families and with fellow Christians .
Yet , Jehovah urges us to “ be peaceable with all men . ”

Is that really possible , and what benefits come from our efforts to make peace ?
By means of our field ministry , we invite people to benefit from our peaceful message about the Kingdom of God .
Happily , many have responded .
As a result , they are no longer overwhelmed with feelings of despair or anger over what they see happening around them .
Instead , they now have a real hope for the future and are moved to “ seek peace and pursue it . ” ​ — Ps .
34 : 14 .
Not all , however , respond favorably to our message , at least not initially .
Even so , we are assisted by God’s spirit to present the good news to them in a peaceful and respectful manner .
In this way , we follow Jesus ’ instructions for the ministry recorded at Matthew 10 : 11 - 13 , where he advised : “ When you enter the house , greet the household .
If the house is deserving , let the peace you wish it come upon it ; but if it is not deserving , let the peace from you return upon you . ”
When we follow Jesus ’ advice , we can leave with our peace intact and with the possibility of helping the person in the future .
We also contribute to peace when we approach government officials in a respectful way ​ — including those who may oppose our work .
For example , the government of one African country allowed prejudice to prevent it from granting approval for the building of Kingdom Halls .
In hopes of resolving the matter peacefully , a brother who had previously served as a missionary in that African land was assigned to visit the country’s High Commissioner in London , England .
He was to tell the official about the peaceful work of Jehovah’s Witnesses in his country .
How did that visit turn out ?
“ When I arrived at the reception desk , ” he relates , “ I concluded by the receptionist’s manner of dress that she belonged to a tribe whose language I had learned .
So I greeted her in her own tongue .
Taken by surprise , she asked me , ‘ What is the reason for your visit ? ’

I politely told her that I wished to see the High Commissioner .
She telephoned the official , who came out to meet me and greeted me in the local language .
After that , he carefully listened to me as I explained to him the peaceful activities of the Witnesses . ”
The brother’s respectful explanation removed much of the commissioner’s misunderstanding and prejudice toward our work .
Some time later , the government of that African country lifted its building restrictions .
How the brothers rejoiced at that peaceful outcome !
Indeed , treating others with respect yields many fine benefits ​ — including peace .
Today , Jehovah’s people enjoy a spiritual paradise that is filled with peace .
You will add to that peace as you work to develop this aspect of the spirit’s fruitage in your life .

Most important , you will gain Jehovah’s approval and find abundant and everlasting peace in God’s new world . ​ — 2 Pet .
3 : 13 , 14 . The quality of kindness will be considered in a future article in this series on the fruitage of God’s holy spirit .
“ As for that on the fine soil , these are the ones who . . . bear fruit with endurance . ” ​ — LUKE 8 : 15 .
SONGS : 68 , 72
Why may we feel discouraged when preaching in less responsive territories ?
Why can all of us have a fruitful ministry ?
What will help us to keep bearing fruit with endurance ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why are we encouraged by those who faithfully preach in unresponsive territories ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What did Jesus say about preaching in his “ home territory ” ?
( See footnote . )
SERGIO AND OLINDA are a pioneer couple in their 80 ’ s who live in the United States .
Lately , their sore legs make moving about more difficult .
Still , as they have done for decades , in the morning they walk to a square in a busy section of town , arriving there at seven o’clock .
They take their place near a bus stop and offer our Bible literature to passersby .
Most people ignore them , but the couple remain in their spot , smiling at those who look at them .
At noon , they slowly walk home .
The next morning , at seven o’clock , they are back in the square .
In fact , this faithful couple are busy preaching the Kingdom message there six mornings a week , year - round .

Like Sergio and Olinda , many faithful brothers and sisters around the world have been preaching for decades in unresponsive home territories .
If that challenge describes your situation , we warmly commend you for your endurance .
* Your steadfastness in serving Jehovah is a source of encouragement for many ​ — even for experienced fellow believers .
Note these expressions made by circuit overseers : “ When I work with such faithful brothers and sisters in the ministry , I feel energized by their example . ”
“ Their faithfulness encourages me to persevere and to be courageous in my own ministry . ”
“ Their example warms my heart . ”
What three questions will we consider , and why ?
To strengthen our resolve to complete the preaching work that Jesus assigned us , let us consider the answers to three questions : Why may we at times feel discouraged ?
How can we bear fruit ?
What will help us to keep bearing fruit with endurance ?
( a ) How did the negative reaction from most Jews affect Paul ?
( b ) Why did Paul experience such feelings ?
If you have ever felt discouraged when preaching in less responsive territories , you will relate to the apostle Paul .
During his approximately 30 - year - long ministry , he helped numerous individuals to become disciples of Christ .
Still , he did not succeed in moving many Jews to become true worshippers .
On the contrary , most rebuffed Paul , and some even persecuted him .
How did that adverse reaction from the Jews affect Paul ?
He freely admitted : “ I am telling the truth in Christ . . . I have great grief and unceasing pain in my heart . ”
Why did Paul experience such feelings ?
His heart was in the preaching work .
He preached to the Jews out of deep concern for them .
So it pained Paul to see them reject God’s mercy .
( a ) What moves us to preach to our neighbors ?
( b ) Why is it no wonder that we at times feel discouraged ?
Like Paul , we preach to people out of heartfelt concern .
Why ?
We know from our own experience how many blessings await those who decide to serve Jehovah .
When we think about the individuals in our territory , we tell ourselves , ‘ If only we could help them to see what they are missing out on ! ’
Therefore , we keep encouraging them to learn the truth about Jehovah and his purpose for mankind .
In effect , we say to those to whom we preach : ‘ We brought a beautiful gift for you .
Please accept it . ’
So when people refuse to accept that gift , it is no wonder that we may have “ pain in [ our ] heart . ”
Such feelings indicate , not that we lack faith , but that our heart is in the preaching work .
So despite moments of discouragement , we endure .
Elena , a pioneer for over 25 years , speaks for many of us when she says : “ I find the preaching work difficult .
Still , there is no other work I would rather do . ”
What question will we consider , and how will we do so ?
Why can we be sure that regardless of where we preach , we can have a fruitful ministry ?
To answer that important question , let us examine two of Jesus ’ illustrations in which he considers the need to “ bear fruit . ”
The first one is about a vine .
( a ) Who are represented by “ the cultivator , ” “ the vine , ” and “ the branches ” ?
( b ) We want to find the answer to what question ?
Read John 15 : 1 - 5 , 8 .
Note that Jesus told his apostles : “ My Father is glorified in this , that you keep bearing much fruit and prove yourselves my disciples . ”
Jesus described Jehovah as “ the cultivator , ” himself as “ the true vine , ” and his disciples as “ the branches . ”
* What , then , is the fruitage that Christ’s followers need to bear ?
In this illustration , Jesus did not directly say what that fruitage is , but he did mention a significant detail that helps us to determine the answer .
( a ) In this illustration , why can the fruitage not refer to new disciples ?
( b ) What is a mark of Jehovah’s requirements ?
Speaking about his Father , Jesus stated : “ He takes away every branch in me not bearing fruit . ”
In other words , Jehovah views us as his servants only if we bear fruit .
Hence , in this illustration , the fruitage that each Christian must bear cannot refer to new disciples whom we may be privileged to make .
Otherwise , faithful Witnesses who do not succeed in making disciples because of preaching in an unresponsive territory would be like the barren branches in Jesus ’ illustration .
However , such a conclusion is unthinkable ! Why ?
Because we cannot force people to become disciples .
It would go against Jehovah’s loving ways to disqualify his servants for failing to do something that is beyond their reach .
Whatever Jehovah asks of us is always reachable . ​ — Deut . 30 : 11 - 14 .
( a ) We bear fruit by sharing in what activity ?
( b ) What illustration will we consider , and why ?
What , then , is the fruit we must bear ?
Clearly , the fruit must refer to an activity that each of us is able to carry out .
What activity makes up the essence of “ bearing fruit ” ?
The preaching of the good news of God’s Kingdom .
* Jesus ’ illustration of a sower confirms this conclusion .
Let us consider this second illustration .
( a ) In this illustration , what is represented by the seed and the soil ?
( b ) What is produced by a wheat stalk ?
Read Luke 8 : 5 - 8 , 11 - 15 .
In the illustration of the sower , the seed is “ the word of God , ” or the Kingdom message .
The soil represents man’s figurative heart .
The seed that fell on the fine soil took root , sprouted , and grew into , let us say , a wheat stalk .
Then , it “ produced 100 times more fruit . ”
But what kind of fruit is produced by a wheat stalk ?
Does it bear little wheat stalks ?
No , it produces new seed , which may eventually grow into stalks .

In this illustration , one grain of seed yielded a hundred grains .
How does that aspect of the illustration apply to our ministry ?
How do we “ bear fruit with endurance ” ?
( See paragraph 11 )
( a ) How does the illustration of the sower apply to our ministry ?
( b ) How do we produce new Kingdom seed ?
For the sake of comparison , let us say that years ago some Witnesses or our Christian parents shared the Kingdom news with us .
To their joy , they noticed that our heart was receptive to the seedlike Kingdom message .
Just as the fine soil in Jesus ’ illustration retained the seed , we accepted the message and held on to it .
As a result , the seedlike Kingdom message took root and grew , as it were , into a wheat stalk that , in time , was ready to bear fruit .
And just as a wheat stalk produces as fruit , not new stalks , but new seed , we are producing as fruit , not new disciples , but new Kingdom seed .
* How do we produce new Kingdom seed ?
Each time we in one way or another proclaim the Kingdom message , we duplicate and scatter , so to speak , the seed that was planted in our heart .
Hence , this illustration teaches us that as long as we keep on proclaiming the Kingdom message , we “ bear fruit with endurance . ”
( a ) What lesson can we draw from Jesus ’ illustrations of the vine and of the sower ?
( b ) How does that lesson affect you ?
What lesson can we draw from Jesus ’ illustrations of the vine and of the sower ?
They help us to understand that our ability to bear fruit does not depend on the response of the people in our territory . Instead , it depends on our own faithfulness .
Paul mentioned that same truth when he said : “ Each person will receive his own reward according to his own work . ”
The reward is according to the work , not according to the results of that work .
Says Matilda , a pioneer for 20 years : “ It gives me joy to know that Jehovah rewards our efforts . ”
13 , 14 .
According to Romans 10 : 1 , 2 , for what reasons did Paul not give up on those who reacted negatively to the Kingdom message ?
What will help us to keep bearing fruit with endurance ?
As considered , Paul felt discouraged by the Jews ’ negative reaction to the Kingdom message .
Even so , he did not give up on them .
Note what he further said in his letter to the Christians in Rome about his feelings toward those Jews : “ The goodwill of my heart and my supplication to God for them are indeed for their salvation .
For I bear them witness that they have a zeal for God , but not according to accurate knowledge . ”
What reasons for continuing his ministry did Paul highlight ?
First , Paul stated why he kept on preaching to the Jews .
He was moved by “ the goodwill of [ his ] heart . ”
It was his heart’s desire that some Jews would find salvation .
Second , Paul mentioned his “ supplication to God for them . ”
He implored God in prayer to help individual Jews to accept the Kingdom message .
Third , Paul added : “ They have a zeal for God . ”
He saw a potential for good in people .
Zeal , if properly directed , can transform sincere individuals into zealous disciples of Christ , as Paul well knew .
How can we imitate Paul ?
Give examples .
How can we imitate Paul ?
First , we strive to maintain a heartfelt desire to find any who might be “ rightly disposed for everlasting life . ”
Second , we supplicate Jehovah in prayer to open the heart of sincere ones .
Silvana , a pioneer for nearly 30 years , says , “ Before I go to a house in my territory , I pray to Jehovah , asking him to give me a positive attitude . ”
We also pray to God that angels may direct us to find honesthearted ones .
Notes Robert , a pioneer for over 30 years , “ To work along with angels who know what is going on in the householders ’ lives is exciting . ”
Third , we try to see a potential for good in people .
Says Carl , an elder who was baptized over 50 years ago , “ I look for any small sign that may reveal a person’s sincerity , perhaps a smile , a kind look , or an honest question . ”
Yes , like Paul , we can endure in bearing fruit .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What lesson can we learn from the instruction found at Ecclesiastes 11 : 6 ?
( b ) Illustrate how our sowing may affect those who observe us .
Even if it appears that the Kingdom message we preach is not reaching the hearts of people , we should not underestimate the impact of our sowing work .
( Read Ecclesiastes 11 : 6 . )
Granted , many people do not listen to us , but they do observe us .
They notice our neat attire , polite behavior , and warm smile .
In time , our conduct may help some to see that their negative views about us may not be correct after all .
Sergio and Olinda , mentioned before , noticed such a change .
Sergio relates : “ Because of illness , we did not go to the square for a while .
When we returned , passersby asked , ‘ What happened ?
We missed you . ’ ”
Adds Olinda with a smile : “ The bus drivers waved to us and some shouted from their driver’s seat , ‘ Good job ! ’
They even asked for our magazines . ”
And to the couple’s surprise , a man stopped by their witnessing cart , gave them a bouquet of flowers , and thanked them for the work they do .
Why are you determined to “ bear fruit with endurance ” ?
Indeed , as long as we “ do not let [ our ] hand rest ” from sowing Kingdom seed , we have a valuable share in giving “ a witness to all the nations . ”
Above all , we have the deep joy that comes from knowing that we have Jehovah’s approval , for he loves all those who “ bear fruit with endurance ” !
Even Jesus recognized that preaching in his “ home territory ” was a challenge ​ — a fact recorded by all four Gospel writers . ​ — Matt .
13 : 57 ; Mark 6 : 4 ; Luke 4 : 24 ; John 4 : 44 .
Although the branches in this illustration refer to those who are in line to receive heavenly life , the illustration contains lessons that benefit all of God’s servants .
While “ bearing fruit ” also applies to producing “ the fruitage of the spirit , ” in this article and the next , we focus on producing “ the fruit of our lips , ” or Kingdom preaching . ​ — Gal .
5 : 22 , 23 ; Heb .
13 : 15 .
On other occasions , Jesus used the examples of sowing and reaping to illustrate the disciple - making work . ​ — Matt .
9 : 37 ; John 4 : 35 - 38 .
“ My Father is glorified in this , that you keep bearing much fruit and prove yourselves my disciples . ” ​ — JOHN 15 : 8 .
SONGS : 53 , 60
What Scriptural reasons do we have to keep on preaching ?
Why is it important to keep clearly in mind why we preach ?
How are we helped to endure in our preaching work ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Shortly before his death , what information did Jesus share with his disciples ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) Why is it important for us to keep in mind why we preach ?
( c ) What will we consider ?
ON THE last evening before his death , Jesus had a long talk with his apostles during which he assured them of his deep love for them .
Also , he related to them an illustration about a vine , as we considered in the preceding article .
By means of that illustration , Jesus encouraged his disciples to “ keep bearing much fruit ” ​ — to endure in preaching the Kingdom message . ​ — John 15 : 8 .
However , Jesus told his disciples not only what they needed to do but also why they should do so .
He gave them reasons for carrying out the preaching work .
Why is it important for us to consider those reasons ?
When we keep in mind why we need to continue to preach , we are motivated to endure in giving “ a witness to all the nations . ”
So , then , let us consider four Scriptural reasons for preaching .
In addition , we will examine four gifts from Jehovah that help us to endure in bearing fruit .
( a ) What reason for preaching is found at John 15 : 8 ?
( b ) What do the grapes in Jesus ’ illustration represent , and why is it a fitting comparison ?
The foremost reason why we share in the preaching work is to glorify Jehovah and sanctify his name before mankind .
( Read John 15 : 1 , 8 . )
Note that Jesus compared his Father , Jehovah , to a cultivator , or gardener , who grows grapes .
Jesus likened himself to a vine , or stem , and his followers to branches .
Thus , the grapes fittingly illustrate the Kingdom fruitage that is produced by Christ’s followers .
Jesus told his apostles : “ My Father is glorified in this , that you keep bearing much fruit . ”
Just as vines that produce good grapes bring honor to a cultivator , so we bring honor , or glory , to Jehovah when we proclaim the Kingdom message to the best of our abilities . ​ — Matt .
25 : 20 - 23 .
( a ) In what ways do we sanctify God’s name ?
( b ) How do you feel about having the privilege to sanctify God’s name ?
In what way does our preaching work sanctify God’s name ?
We cannot make God’s name more sacred . It is already sacred , or holy , in the absolute sense .
But note what the prophet Isaiah stated : “ Jehovah of armies ​ — he is the One you should regard as holy . ”
We sanctify God’s name , among other ways , by regarding it as separate from all other names and by helping others to regard it as holy .
For instance , by proclaiming the truth about Jehovah’s wonderful qualities and his unchangeable purpose for mankind , we defend God’s name against Satan’s lies and slander .
Also , when we strive to help people in our territory to see that Jehovah is worthy “ to receive the glory and the honor and the power , ” we sanctify God’s name .
Says Rune , a pioneer for 16 years : “ Knowing that I have been given the opportunity to be a witness for the Creator of the universe makes me grateful .
It gives me the desire to keep on preaching . ”
( a ) What reason for preaching is mentioned at John 15 : 9 , 10 ?
( b ) How did Jesus emphasize the need for endurance ?
Read John 15 : 9 , 10 .
Our heartfelt love for Jehovah and for Jesus is an important reason why we preach the Kingdom message .
Jesus told his disciples not only to be in his love but to “ remain in [ his ] love . ”
Why ?
Because living as a true disciple of Christ year after year calls for endurance .
Jesus stressed the need for endurance by using forms of the word “ remain ” over and over in the brief passage recorded at John 15 : 4 - 10 .
How do we show that we want to remain in Christ’s love ?
How do we show that we want to remain in Christ’s love and keep his approval ?
By observing Jesus ’ commandments .
Simply put , Jesus tells us , ‘ Be obedient to me . ’
Yet , Jesus only asked us to do what he himself did , for he added : “ Just as I have observed the commandments of the Father and remain in his love . ”
Jesus sets the example . ​ — John 13 : 15 .
How are obedience and love connected ?
As to the connection between obedience and love , Jesus earlier said to his apostles : “ Whoever has my commandments and observes them is the one who loves me . ”

Moreover , by carrying out Jesus ’ command to go and preach , we too show our love for God because Jesus ’ commandments reflect his Father’s thinking .
In response to our expression of love , Jehovah and Jesus keep us in their love .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What further reason for preaching do we have ?
( b ) Why do Jehovah’s words found at Ezekiel 3 : 18 , 19 and 18 : 23 motivate us to keep on preaching ?
We have a further reason to continue our preaching work .
We preach to give a warning .
In the Bible , Noah is described as “ a preacher . ”
( Read 2 Peter 2 : 5 . )
His preaching work prior to the Flood evidently included a warning of coming destruction .
Why can we draw that conclusion ?
Note what Jesus stated : “ For as they were in those days before the Flood , eating and drinking , men marrying and women being given in marriage , until the day that Noah entered into the ark , and they took no note until the Flood came and swept them all away , so the presence of the Son of man will be . ”
Despite the people’s indifference , Noah faithfully proclaimed the warning message that he had been given .
Today , we preach the Kingdom message to give people an opportunity to learn about God’s will for mankind .
Like Jehovah , we dearly wish that people would respond to the message and “ keep living . ”

At the same time , when we preach from house to house and in public areas , we warn as many people as possible that God’s Kingdom will come and bring an end to this ungodly world . ​ — Ezek .
3 : 18 , 19 ; Dan .
2 : 44 ; Rev .
14 : 6 , 7 .
( a ) What reason for preaching is mentioned at Matthew 22 : 39 ?
( b ) Relate how Paul and Silas helped a jailer in Philippi .
Here is another important reason for continuing with our preaching work : We preach because we love our neighbor .
We are moved by such love to endure in this work , recognizing that people may have a change of heart when their circumstances change .
Consider what the apostle Paul and his companion , Silas , experienced .
In the city of Philippi , opposers threw them into prison .
Then , in the middle of the night , suddenly an earthquake shook the prison and opened its doors .
The jailer feared that the prisoners had fled and was about to kill himself .
But Paul called out : “ Do not hurt yourself ! ”
The distressed jailer asked : “ What must I do to get saved ? ”
They told him : “ Believe in the Lord Jesus , and you will get saved . ” ​ — Acts 16 : 25 - 34 .
Love for Jehovah , Jesus , and our neighbor moves us to preach ( See paragraphs 5 , 10 )
11 , 12 . ( a ) How does the account about the jailer relate to our ministry ?
( b ) We want to be available to do what ?
How does the account of the jailer relate to our preaching work ?
Note this : The jailer had a change of heart and asked for help only after the earthquake struck .
Similarly , some individuals today who have not responded to the Bible’s message before may have a change of heart and look for help when their world is suddenly shaken by a seismic event .
For instance , some in our territory may have lost their longtime job unexpectedly and are left in shock .
Others may be devastated by the recent breakup of their marriage . Still others may be at a loss after being diagnosed with a serious illness , or they may be heartbroken after losing a loved one in death .
When such events take place , some distressed individuals may ask questions about the meaning of life that at one time they ignored .
Perhaps they even wonder , ‘ What must I do to get saved ? ’
When we meet them , they may want to listen to our message of hope for the first time in their life .
Therefore , by faithfully continuing in our preaching work , we make sure that we will be available to give comfort to people at a time when they may be ready to accept it .
Says Charlotte , who has been in the full - time service for 38 years : “ People today are lost .
They need a chance to hear the good news . ”
Notes Ejvor , a pioneer for 34 years : “ Today , more than ever , many people feel emotionally low .
I really want to help them .
That motivates me to preach . ”
Neighborly love ​ — what a worthy reason , indeed , to continue in our ministry !
13 , 14 . ( a ) What gift is mentioned at John 15 : 11 ?
( b ) How will Jesus ’ joy become ours ?
( c ) How does joy affect our ministry ?
During that last evening before his death , Jesus also mentioned to his apostles several gifts that would help them to endure in bearing fruit .
What are these gifts , and how do we benefit from them ?
The gift of joy .
Will obeying Jesus ’ command to preach become burdensome ?
On the contrary .
After relating his illustration of the vine , Jesus said that as Kingdom preachers , we will experience joy .
( Read John 15 : 11 . )
In fact , he assured us that his joy will become ours .
How ?
As mentioned earlier , Jesus compared himself to a vine and his disciples to branches .
A vine supports the branches .
As long as the branches are attached to it , they receive water and nourishment that flows from the vine .
Similarly , as long as we remain in union with Christ by closely following in his steps , we experience the same joy that he has in doing his Father’s will .
Notes Hanne , a pioneer for over 40 years , “ The joy I always feel after I have been in the ministry stimulates me to continue in Jehovah’s service . ”
Indeed , deep - seated joy gives us the strength to keep on preaching even in challenging territories . ​ — Matt .
5 : 10 - 12 .
( a ) What gift is mentioned at John 14 : 27 ?
( b ) Why does peace help us to keep bearing fruit ?
The gift of peace .
( Read John 14 : 27 . )
Earlier on that last evening before his death , Jesus told his apostles : “ I give you my peace . ”
How does that gift ​ — his peace — ​ help us to bear fruit ?
As we endure , we experience in our heart a lasting feeling of peace that results from knowing that we have Jehovah’s and Jesus ’ approval .
Says Ulf , who has been in the full - time service for 45 years , “ The preaching work makes me tired , but it brings true satisfaction and real meaning to my life . ”
How thankful we are to be blessed with lasting inner peace !
( a ) What gift is mentioned at John 15 : 15 ?
( b ) How could the apostles remain Jesus ’ friends ?
The gift of friendship .
After Jesus stated his desire that the joy experienced by the apostles might “ be made full , ” he explained to them the importance of showing self - sacrificing love .
Next , he said : “ I have called you friends . ”
What a precious gift to receive ​ — friendship with Jesus !
What did the apostles have to do to remain his friends ?
They had to “ go and keep bearing fruit . ”
( Read John 15 : 14 - 16 . )
Some two years earlier , Jesus had instructed his apostles : “ As you go , preach , saying : ‘ The Kingdom of the heavens has drawn near . ’ ”
So on that last evening , he encouraged them to endure in the work they had started .
Carrying out Jesus ’ command was challenging , but they could succeed ​ — and thus remain his friends .
How ?
With the help of yet another gift .
17 , 18 . ( a ) What gift is mentioned at John 15 : 16 ?
( b ) How would that gift help Jesus ’ disciples ?
( c ) What gifts strengthen us today ?
The gift of answered prayers .
Jesus stated : “ No matter what you ask the Father in my name , he [ will ] give it to you . ”
How strengthening this promise must have been for the apostles !
* Though they did not clearly grasp it , their Leader’s life on earth would soon end , but they would not be left without support .
Jehovah was ready to answer their prayers for any help they needed to carry out the command to preach the Kingdom message .
And indeed , shortly thereafter , they experienced how Jehovah answered their prayers for help . ​ — Acts 4 : 29 , 31 .
We can be sure that Jehovah answers our prayers for help ( See paragraph 18 )
The same is true today .
As we endure in bearing fruit , we enjoy Jesus ’ friendship .
Furthermore , we can be sure that Jehovah is ready to answer our prayers for help in overcoming obstacles that we may encounter as we preach the Kingdom good news .
How grateful we are to be blessed with answered prayers and friendship with Jesus !
These gifts from Jehovah strengthen us to keep on bearing fruit . ​ — Jas . 1 : 17 .
( a ) Why do we keep sharing in the preaching work ?
( b ) What helps us to finish God’s work ?
As considered in this article , we keep sharing in the preaching work to glorify Jehovah and sanctify his name , to show our love for Jehovah and for Jesus , to give ample warning , and to show love for neighbor .
In addition , the gifts of joy , peace , friendship , and answered prayers strengthen us to finish God’s work .
How pleased Jehovah will be as he observes our whole - souled efforts to “ keep bearing much fruit ” !
During his talk with his apostles , Jesus repeatedly assured them that their prayers would be answered . ​ — John 14 : 13 ; 15 : 7 , 16 ; 16 : 23 .
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Two pioneers offer a tract to a passerby in the capital , Freetown , during the country’s long rainy season
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2017 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ We are not ignorant of [ Satan’s ] schemes . ” ​ — 2 COR . 2 : 11 , ftn .
SONGS : 150 , 32
What is the extent of Satan’s influence ?
How does Satan try to influence individuals ?
What did you learn about our enemy ?
In Eden , what did Jehovah reveal about our enemy ?
ADAM no doubt knew that serpents cannot talk . So he may have surmised that a spirit creature had spoken with Eve through the serpent .
Adam and Eve knew virtually nothing about this spirit .
Even so , Adam made a conscious choice to turn his back on his loving heavenly Father and join this stranger in resisting God’s will .
Immediately , Jehovah began to reveal information about this enemy who had corrupted Adam and Eve , promising that this wicked one would eventually be destroyed .
But Jehovah also warned that for a time , the spirit creature who spoke through the serpent would have the power to oppose those who love God . ​ — Gen .
3 : 15 .
2 , 3 .
Why , apparently , was little said about Satan before the Messiah arrived ?
In his wisdom , Jehovah has never told us the personal name of the angelic son who rebelled against him .
* And God chose not to reveal even the descriptive name of that enemy until some 2,500 years after the initial rebellion .
In fact , only three books of the Hebrew Scriptures , 1 Chronicles , Job , and Zechariah , mention Satan , which means “ Resister . ”
Why was little said about our enemy prior to the arrival of the Messiah ?
Apparently , Jehovah did not want to give Satan undue prominence by devoting large portions of the Hebrew Scriptures to discussing him and his activity .
Jehovah’s primary purpose for inspiring that section of the Scriptures was to identify the Messiah and lead God’s people to him .
When that was accomplished and the Messiah arrived , Jehovah used him and his disciples to reveal much of what we know about Satan and the angels who joined him .
* That is fitting , since it is Jesus and his anointed corulers whom Jehovah will use to crush Satan and his followers . ​ — Rom . 16 : 20 ; Rev .
17 : 14 ; 20 : 10 .
Why should we not be overly anxious about the Devil ?
The apostle Peter describes Satan the Devil as “ a roaring lion , ” and John calls him a “ serpent ” and a “ dragon . ”
But there is no need to be overly anxious about the Devil ​ — his power is limited .
( Read James 4 : 7 . )
We are backed by Jehovah , Jesus , and the faithful angels .
With their help , we can resist our enemy .
Still , we need to know the answers to three key questions : What is the extent of Satan’s influence ?
How does he try to exert that influence on individuals ?
And what are the limits of his power ?
As we discuss these questions , we will also consider the lessons we can learn .
5 , 6 .
Why can human governments not bring about the changes mankind needs most ?
A significant number of angels joined Satan’s rebellion .
Prior to the Flood , Satan lured at least some of them into having immoral relations with the daughters of men .
The Bible reveals this truth by symbolically portraying the dragon as dragging a third of the stars of heaven with him in his fall .
When those angels abandoned God’s family , they put themselves on Satan’s side as opposers of God’s will .
These rebels , however , are not just a mob of troublemakers .
Satan has set up an imitation of God’s Kingdom , with himself as king .
In the invisible realm , Satan has organized the demons into governments , given them authority , and made them world rulers . ​ — Eph .
6 : 12 .
By means of his spirit organization , Satan exerts authority over all human governments .
That fact was made plain when Satan showed Jesus “ all the kingdoms of the inhabited earth ” and said : “ I will give you all this authority and their glory , because it has been handed over to me , and I give it to whomever I wish . ”
Despite Satan’s evil influence , many governments do a measure of good for their citizens . And individual rulers may have noble intentions .
But no human government or individual ruler is capable of bringing about the changes mankind needs most . ​ — Ps .
146 : 3 , 4 ; Rev .
12 : 12 .
How does Satan use not only governments but also false religion and the commercial system ?
( See opening picture . )
Satan and the demons use not only governments but also false religion and the commercial system to mislead “ the entire inhabited earth . ”
Through false religion , Satan promotes lies about Jehovah .
In addition , the Devil seems determined to make as many people as possible forget God’s name .
As a result , sincere individuals who think that they are worshipping God are deceived into worshipping demons .
Satan also promotes lies through the commercial system .
For example , this system often teaches people that the best way to be happy is to pursue money and gather many possessions .
Those who believe this lie spend their lives serving “ Riches ” rather than God .
Eventually , their love of material things can choke any love they had for God . ​ — Matt .
13 : 22 ; 1 John 2 : 15 , 16 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What two lessons may we learn from the accounts about Adam , Eve , and the rebellious angels ?
( b ) What advantage do we gain from knowing the extent of Satan’s influence ?
The examples of Adam , Eve , and the rebellious angels teach us at least two important lessons .
First , there are only two sides , and we must choose one .
Either we remain loyal to Jehovah or we place ourselves in Satan’s camp .
Second , those who join Satan receive only limited benefits .
Adam and Eve got the opportunity to set their own standards of good and bad , and the demons attained a measure of influence over human governments .
However , the costs always outweigh any seeming benefits that Satan may offer . ​ — Job 21 : 7 - 17 ; Gal .
6 : 7 , 8 .
What advantage do we gain from knowing the extent of Satan’s influence ?
It helps us keep a balanced view of secular authorities and motivates us in our witnessing work .
We understand that Jehovah wants us to respect governmental authorities .
And he expects us to obey the laws of human governments as long as those laws do not conflict with his standards .

But we realize that we must remain neutral , never favoring one political party or human leader over another .

Because we see what Satan is trying to do to Jehovah’s name and reputation , we feel more compelled to teach others the truth about our God .
We proudly bear and use his name , knowing that loving him is far more rewarding than loving money or things . ​ — Isa .
43 : 10 ; 1 Tim .
6 : 6 - 10 .
10 - 12 . ( a ) How may Satan have used bait to trap his angelic brothers ?
( b ) What lessons do we learn from the fall of many angels ?
Satan uses effective methods to influence individuals .
For example , he uses bait to lure them into doing things his way .
Also , he attempts to bully them into submission .
Consider how effective Satan was in using bait to trap a large number of his angelic brothers .
He must have studied them for a considerable time before luring them into taking sides with him .
When at least some of these angels took the bait and had immoral relations with women , they produced a hybrid race that dominated mankind .
Perhaps Satan tempted the disloyal angels not only with the opportunity for immoral sex but also with the promise of seizing power over mankind .
His purpose may have been to disrupt the arrival of the promised ‘ offspring of the woman . ’
In any case , Jehovah ended all such plots by bringing the Flood ​ — a move that thwarted the efforts of Satan and the rebellious angels at that time .
Satan tries to bait us with immorality , unhealthy pride , and the occult ( See paragraphs 12 , 13 )



What lessons can we learn from this incident ? Never underestimate the lure of immorality or the danger of egotism . For aeons , the angels who joined Satan served in the very presence of God .
Yet , even in such a good environment , many allowed bad desires to take root and grow .
Similarly , we may have served for decades in the earthly part of God’s organization .
Yet , even in this spiritually clean environment , unclean desires can take root . How important it is that we constantly search our heart , reject immoral thoughts , and suppress unhealthy pride ! ​ — Gal . 5 : 26 ; read Colossians 3 : 5 .
What is another effective bait that Satan uses , and how can we avoid it ?
Another effective bait that Satan uses is curiosity about the occult .
Today , he promotes interest in the demons not only through false religion but also through the entertainment industry .
Movies , electronic games , and other media make spiritism seem exciting .
How can we avoid being caught in this trap ?
We should not expect God’s organization to supply a list of acceptable and unacceptable entertainment .
Each of us needs to train his own conscience to be in harmony with God’s standards .
However , we will make wise choices if we apply the apostle Paul’s inspired counsel to let our love for God “ be without hypocrisy . ”
We could ask ourselves : ‘ Will my choice of entertainment make me seem hypocritical ?
If my Bible students or return visits saw the entertainment I choose , would they think that I practice what I preach ? ’
The more our speech and actions harmonize , the less likely we are to be caught in Satan’s snares . ​ — 1 John 3 : 18 .
Satan tries to bully us with governmental bans , pressure from classmates , and opposition from family ( See paragraph 14 )
How might Satan try to bully us , and how can we cope ?
In addition to offering bait , Satan tries to bully us into compromising our loyalty to Jehovah .
For example , he can maneuver governments into banning our preaching work .
Or he can prompt our associates at work or in school to mock us because of our desire to live by the Bible’s moral standards .
He might also influence well - meaning family members to discourage us from attending meetings .
How can we cope ?
First , we must expect this kind of direct assault ​ — Satan is at war with us .
Then , we need to see the bigger issue behind such incidents ​ — Satan claims that we serve Jehovah only when it is convenient .
He says that if we are pressured , we will turn our back on God .
Finally , we have to rely on Jehovah for strength to face the issue .
Remember , he will never abandon us . ​ — Heb .
13 : 5 .
Can Satan force us to act against our own will ?
Explain .
Satan cannot force people to act against their own will .
Out of ignorance , many work in harmony with Satan’s purpose .
But after they learn the truth , each one makes a choice as to whom he or she will serve .
If we are resolved to do God’s will , there is nothing Satan can do to break our integrity . ​ — Job 2 : 3 ; 27 : 5 .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What other limitations do Satan and the demons have ?
( b ) Why should we not fear to pray out loud to Jehovah ?
Satan and the demons have other limitations .
For example , nowhere do the Scriptures indicate that they can read the mind or heart of an individual .
Only Jehovah and Jesus are spoken of as having that ability .
What , though , about speaking or praying out loud ?
Should we fear that the Devil or the demons might hear our prayers and interfere ? The answer is no .
Why not ?
We are not afraid to do good works in Jehovah’s service just because the Devil might see us . Likewise , we should not be afraid to pray out loud just because the Devil might hear us .
In fact , the Bible contains many examples of God’s servants who prayed out loud , and there is no hint that these ones feared that the Devil would hear them .
If we do our best to speak and act in harmony with God’s will , we can be confident that Jehovah will not allow the Devil to do us any lasting harm . ​ — Read Psalm 34 : 7 .
We need to know our enemy , but we do not need to be terrified by him .
With Jehovah’s backing , even imperfect humans can conquer Satan .
If we oppose him , he will flee from us .
Young ones seem to be a special target for Satan .
What , specifically , can they do to stand firm against the Devil ?
The next article considers that question .
The Bible reveals that at least some angels have personal names .
Since Jehovah has named each of the stars , it is reasonable to assume that all of his angelic sons , including the one who became Satan , also have personal names .
Satan is mentioned by that name only 18 times in the Hebrew Scriptures but more than 30 times in the Christian Greek Scriptures .
“ Put on the complete suit of armor from God so that you may be able to stand firm against the crafty acts of the Devil . ” ​ — EPH .
6 : 11 .
SONGS : 79 , 140
What are the pieces of the spiritual armor ?
Why is it vital that we wear each piece ?
What do you think of the example that our young ones set ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why are young Christians winning the fight against wicked spirit forces ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What will we examine ?
THE apostle Paul likened our life as Christians to that of soldiers engaged in hand - to - hand combat .
Of course , the war we fight is spiritual , not literal .
Even so , our enemies are real .
Satan and the demons are skilled warriors with vast experience . At first glance , our prospects may seem bleak .
Young Christians in particular may appear to be vulnerable .
How can they hope to win against superhuman , wicked spirit forces ?
The fact is , young ones can win , and they are winning !
Why ?
Because they “ go on acquiring power in the Lord . ”
But they do more than draw on God’s power .
They are dressed for battle .
Like well - trained soldiers , they have “ put on the complete suit of armor from God . ” ​ — Read Ephesians 6 : 10 - 12 .
When developing his illustration , Paul perhaps had in mind the armor worn by Roman legionnaires .
Let us examine why that illustration is appropriate .
As we do , take note of what some young ones have to say about the challenges and the benefits of wearing each piece of spiritual armor .
Is Your Suit of Armor Complete ?
3 , 4 .
How is the truth found in the Bible like a Roman military belt ?
Read Ephesians 6 : 14 .
A Roman military belt had metal plates that protected a soldier’s waist .
It was designed to help relieve the weight of his upper - body armor .
Some belts also had strong clips that served to carry a sword and a dagger .
With his belt fastened tightly , a soldier could confidently stand firm in battle .
Similarly , the truths we learn from God’s Word protect us from the spiritual harm that false teachings cause .
And the more we love divine truths , the easier it is to carry our “ breastplate , ” that is , to live by God’s righteous standards .
In addition , when we have a clear understanding of the truths from God’s Word , we can confidently stand our ground and defend them against opposers . ​ — 1 Pet . 3 : 15 .
Why should we speak the truth ?
When Bible truth is wrapped around us tightly , as it were , we will be moved to live in harmony with it and to speak the truth at all times .
Why will we avoid telling lies ?
Because lies have been one of Satan’s most effective weapons .
Lies damage both the one telling them and the one believing them .
So to the best of our imperfect ability , we avoid telling lies .
But it can be a challenge .
Eighteen - year - old Abigail says : “ Speaking the truth may not always seem worth it , especially when telling a lie can get you out of a difficult situation . ”
Why , then , does she always try to tell the truth ?
“ When I’m truthful , ” she says , “ I have a clean conscience before Jehovah .
And my parents and my friends know that they can trust me . ”
Victoria , 23 , says : “ When you tell the truth and stand up for your beliefs , you might get bullied .
But you always get outstanding benefits : You gain confidence , you feel closer to Jehovah , and you earn the respect of those who love you . ”
Certainly , it is worth keeping “ the belt of truth fastened around your waist ” at all times .
The belt of truth ( See paragraphs 3 - 5 )
6 , 7 .
Why is righteousness likened to a breastplate ?
One type of breastplate worn by a Roman soldier in the first century consisted of overlapping horizontal strips of iron .
These strips were bent to fit his torso and were fastened to straps of leather by means of metal hooks and buckles .
The rest of the soldier’s upper body was covered in more strips of iron fastened to leather .
This type of garment restricted a soldier’s movement to some degree , and it required that he regularly check that the plates were firmly fixed in place .
But his armor hindered the edge of a sword or the point of an arrow from piercing his heart or other vital organs .
What an appropriate symbol of how Jehovah’s righteous standards can protect our figurative heart !
Just as a soldier would not swap a breastplate of iron for one made of an inferior metal , we would never want to exchange Jehovah’s standards of what is right for our own .
Our judgment is just too flawed to offer us the protection that we need .
Instead , we regularly check that the ‘ iron plates ’ Jehovah has given us are firmly fixed over our heart .
Why is it worth sticking to Jehovah’s standards ?
Do you sometimes feel that Jehovah’s righteous standards weigh you down or restrict your freedom ?
Daniel , aged 21 , says : “ Teachers and fellow students made fun of me because I live by Bible standards .
For a while , I lost my confidence and felt depressed . ”
How did he recover ?
“ Eventually , ” he says , “ I saw the benefits of living by Jehovah’s standards .
Some of my ‘ friends ’ began taking drugs ; others dropped out of school .
It was sad to see how their lives turned out .
Jehovah really protects us . ”
Madison , 15 , says : “ It’s a struggle for me to stick to Jehovah’s standards and not go along with what my peers think is cool or fun . ”
How does she cope ?
“ I remind myself that I bear Jehovah’s name and that temptation is just Satan’s way of shooting at me .
When I win a struggle , I feel better about myself . ”
The breastplate of righteousness ( See paragraphs 6 - 8 )
9 - 11 . ( a ) What symbolic footwear do Christians put on ?
( b ) What can help us be more comfortable when declaring the good news ?
Read Ephesians 6 : 15 .
A Roman soldier who was not wearing his boots was not ready to march into battle .
His sandallike boots were made of three layers of leather fastened together that gave him an excellent foothold .
The design made the footwear both durable and comfortable .
While the literal boots worn by Roman soldiers carried them into war , the symbolic footwear worn by Christians helps them deliver a message of peace .
Even so , it takes courage to speak up when the opportunity arises .
“ I was afraid to witness to my classmates , ” says 20 - year - old Bo .
“ I think I was embarrassed .
Looking back , I don’t know why I should have been .
Now I’m happy to witness to my peers . ”
Many young ones have found that if they are well - prepared to declare the good news , they feel more comfortable doing it .
What can you do to be ready ?
“ I keep literature in my schoolbag , ” says Julia , 16 , “ and I listen to the opinions and beliefs expressed by my classmates .
Then I’m able to think of what will help them .
When I am prepared , I can talk to them about what will specifically benefit them . ”
Makenzie , 23 , says : “ If you are kind and are a good listener , you’ll get an idea of what your peers are dealing with .
I make sure that I’ve read all the material published for young people .
That way I can direct my peers to something in the Bible or on jw.org that will help them . ”
As those comments indicate , the more prepared you are to preach , the more securely your “ boots ” will be bound to your feet .
Feet shod in readiness ( See paragraphs 9 - 11 )
12 , 13 .
What are some of Satan’s “ burning arrows ” ?
Read Ephesians 6 : 16 .
“ The large shield ” carried by a Roman legionnaire was rectangular and covered him from his shoulders to his knees .
It served to protect him from the blows of weapons and the hails of arrows .
Some of the “ burning arrows ” that Satan might fire at you are lies about Jehovah ​ — that He does not care about you and that you are unlovable .
Nineteen - year - old Ida struggles with feelings of unworthiness .
She says , “ I have often felt that Jehovah isn’t close to me and that he doesn’t want to be my Friend . ”
How does she deal with this attack ?
“ The meetings are a giant boost to my faith , ” says Ida .
“ I used to sit there and never comment , thinking that nobody would want to hear what I had to say .
Now , though , I prepare for the meetings and try to answer two or three times .
It’s difficult , but I feel much better when I do .
And the brothers and sisters are so encouraging .
I always come away from the meetings knowing that Jehovah loves me . ”
What truth does Ida’s experience highlight ?
Ida’s experience highlights an important truth : The literal shield given to a soldier had fixed dimensions , but the size of our shield of faith can either shrink or grow .

It is up to us .
How important it is that we build up our faith !
The large shield of faith ( See paragraphs 12 - 14 )
15 , 16 .
How is hope like a helmet ?
Read Ephesians 6 : 17 .
The helmet worn by the Roman infantry was designed to ward off blows directed at the head , neck , and face .
Some helmets had a handle so that a soldier could carry it in his hand .
Just as a helmet protects a soldier’s brain , our “ hope of salvation ” protects our mind , our thinking ability .
Hope keeps us focused on God’s promises and helps us see problems in the right perspective .
But if we want our “ helmet ” to be effective , we must wear it on our head , not carry it in our hand .
17 , 18 . ( a ) How could Satan induce us to remove our helmet ?
( b ) How can we show that we have not been fooled by Satan’s deception ?
How could Satan induce us to remove our helmet ?
Consider the way he dealt with Jesus .
Satan surely knew that Jesus had the hope of eventually ruling mankind .
But Jesus would have to wait until Jehovah’s appointed time .
And before then , he would have to suffer and die .
So Satan offered Jesus the chance to fulfill his hope sooner .
Satan suggested that if Jesus would do one act of worship , he could have it all and have it right then .
Similarly , Satan knows that Jehovah offers us material benefits in the new system .
But we have to wait , and we might have to suffer hardships in the meantime .
So Satan offers us tempting opportunities to enjoy such a life now .
He wants us to seek material benefits first ​ — to have it all and have it now . Satan urges us to seek the Kingdom second . ​ — Matt .
6 : 31 - 33 .

Like many young Christians , 20 - year - old Kiana has not been fooled by this deception . “ I know that the only hope for solving all our problems is God’s Kingdom , ” she says .
How does this solid hope affect her thinking and actions now ?
“ The hope of Paradise helps me put secular goals in perspective , ” she adds .
“ I don’t try to cash in on my talents or attempt to climb the corporate ladder . Instead , I’m investing time and energy in spiritual goals . ”
The helmet of salvation ( See paragraphs 15 - 18 )
19 , 20 .
How can we improve our skills in using God’s Word ?
The sword used by Roman infantrymen at the time Paul wrote his letter was about 20 inches ( 50 cm ) long and was designed for hand - to - hand combat .
One reason that Roman soldiers were so effective is that they practiced with their weapons every day .

Paul likens God’s Word to a sword that Jehovah has given us .
But we must learn to use it skillfully when defending our beliefs ​ — or when adjusting our own thinking .
How can you improve your skills ?
Sebastian , aged 21 , says : “ I’ve been writing down one verse from every chapter in my Bible reading .
I’m compiling a list of my favorite verses .
That way , I feel more in tune with Jehovah’s thinking . ”
Daniel , quoted earlier , says : “ As I do my Bible reading , I pick verses that I think will help people I meet in the ministry .
I’ve found that people respond well when they see that you are passionate about the Bible and are doing your best to help them . ”
The sword of the spirit ( See paragraphs 19 - 20 )
Why is there no need to feel intimidated by Satan and the demons ?
As the young ones quoted in this article have shown , there is no need to feel intimidated by Satan and the demons .
They are formidable but not unbeatable .
And they are mortal .
Soon , during the Thousand Year Reign of Christ , they will be confined to a state of complete inactivity , after which they will be destroyed .
We know our enemy , his tactics , and his intentions .
With Jehovah’s help , we can stand firm against him !
District convention in Nyzhnya Apsha , Ukraine , 2012
JESUS foretold that his followers would enjoy an abundant harvest in this time of the end .
Consider how his words have proved true in a unique way in an area of Transcarpathia , Ukraine .
Among just three neighboring towns in that area , there are 50 congregations and over 5,400 publishers .
* Indeed , 1 out of 4 people of the combined population of these three towns is one of Jehovah’s Witnesses !
What is the preaching territory like ?
“ People here respect the Bible , value justice , have strong family ties , and sincerely try to help one another , ” says a local brother named Vasile .
He adds : “ They do not always agree with our beliefs .
But when you show them something from the Bible , they will listen attentively . ”
Of course , our brothers and sisters face some unusual challenges when preaching in an area that has such a high publisher - to - population ratio .
For example , one congregation has 134 publishers but only 50 private homes in its territory !
How do the publishers adapt to this situation ?
Many brothers and sisters expend themselves in order to preach in areas where the need is greater .
“ The ratio of publishers to homes in our congregation’s territory is 1 to 2 , ” says a 90 - year - old brother named Ionash .
“ I preach in the village , but until recently when my health deteriorated , I also traveled about 100 miles ( 160 km ) to an unassigned territory , where I preached in the Hungarian language . ”
Publishers must make sacrifices to help out in other territories .


“ To catch the train , I got up at 4 : 00 a.m . and I preached until 6 : 00 p.m . when the train departed for home .
I did that two or three times a week , ” says Ionash .
Did he feel that his efforts were worth it ?
“ I found great joy in that form of ministry , ” he says .
“ I had the pleasure of assisting an isolated family to learn the truth . ”
Understandably , not everyone in the congregations of this area is able to travel long distances .
But all , including older publishers , endeavor to cover the local territory thoroughly .
As a result , in 2017 , these three towns had a combined Memorial attendance of almost double the number of publishers ​ — or half the entire population .
Without question , wherever we may serve , there is still “ plenty to do in the work of the Lord . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
15 : 58 .
The names of the towns are Hlybokyy Potik , Serednye Vodyane , and Nyzhnya Apsha .
3 “ My Kingdom Is No Part of This World ”
8 May We All Be One as Jehovah and Jesus Are One
The people in Jesus ’ day were divided by political , social , and ethnic differences .
In these two articles , we will see how Christ taught his followers to become united and to overcome the prejudices that tend to divide .
We will also see how their example can move us to do the same in our divided world .
13 He Could Have Had God’s Favor
16 Let God’s Laws and Principles Train Your Conscience
For our conscience to be an effective guide , it must be trained .
Jehovah has lovingly provided both laws and principles to help us fine - tune our conscience and view things the way he does .
This article discusses how we can apply Bible principles in a practical way .
21 “ Let Your Light Shine ” to Glorify Jehovah
Jesus urged his disciples to let their light shine to glorify God .
This article offers practical suggestions that , when applied , will certainly help us to ‘ let our light shine ’ more fully .
26 Life Story ​ — Comforted Through All My Anxieties
30 The Power of a Greeting
32 Do You Remember ?
“ For this I have come into the world , that I should bear witness to the truth . ” ​ — JOHN 18 : 37 .
SONGS : 15 , 74
How did Jesus show that he had no interest in political movements ?
What balanced position on taxation did Jesus recommend ?
What is the Christian’s position on the use of violence ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How is the world becoming more divided ?
( b ) What questions will we answer in this study ?
“ FROM an early age , I saw only injustice , ” recalls a sister in southern Europe , who was reflecting on her past .
“ So I rejected the political system in my country , and I supported what many viewed as radical ideas .
In fact , for many years I was the girlfriend of a terrorist . ”
A brother in southern Africa had also previously justified violence .
“ I believed that my tribe was superior to all others , and I joined a political party , ” he says .
“ We were taught to kill our opponents with spears ​ — even those of our own tribe who supported other political parties . ”
A sister living in central Europe admits : “ I was prejudiced , and I hated anyone who was of a different nationality or who had a religion that was different from mine . ”
A growing trend in today’s world is reflected in the attitudes that those three once had .
Violent independence movements flourish , political divisions become more entrenched , and in many countries , foreigners are subjected to growing animosity .
As the Bible foretold , people of all sorts are “ not open to any agreement ” during these last days .
While the world becomes more divided , how can Christians safeguard their unity ?
We can learn much by examining how Jesus handled a situation in the first century when the land was unsettled by political turmoil .
Let us consider three main points : Why did Jesus refuse to get involved in separatist movements ?
How did he demonstrate the need for God’s servants to avoid taking sides on political issues ?
And how did Jesus teach us that violence against others is not justified ?
3 , 4 . ( a ) What political expectations did the Jews have in Jesus ’ day ?
( b ) How did those sentiments affect Jesus ’ disciples ?
Many Jews to whom Jesus preached longed for independence from Rome .
Jewish Zealots , or nationalists , stirred up these feelings among the people .
Many of those extremists followed the ideas of Judas the Galilean .
He was a false messiah in the first century who misled a large number .
Jewish historian Josephus states that this Judas “ incited his countrymen to revolt , upbraiding them as cowards for consenting to pay tribute to the Romans . ”
The Romans had Judas executed .
Some of the Zealots even resorted to violence to further their goals .
Apart from those extremists , ordinary Jews were keenly awaiting the arrival of a political Messiah .
That is , they expected that when the Messiah appeared , he would bring glory to their nation and freedom from the yoke of Rome .
Many believed that the Messiah would establish a kingdom on earth in Israel .
When that occurred , millions of Jews scattered abroad would return to their homeland .
Recall that John the Baptist once asked Jesus : “ Are you the Coming One , or are we to expect a different one ? ”
John may have wanted to know whether someone else would fulfill all the hopes of the Jews .
The two disciples who met the resurrected Jesus on the road to Emmaus also had unfulfilled hopes about the Messiah .
( Read Luke 24 : 21 . )
Soon thereafter , Jesus ’ apostles asked him : “ Lord , are you restoring the kingdom to Israel at this time ? ” ​ — Acts 1 : 6 .
( a ) Why did the people of Galilee want Jesus to be their king ?
( b ) How did Jesus correct their thinking ?
Such expectations about the Messiah doubtless led the people of Galilee to want Jesus to become their king .
We can imagine that they were thinking that Jesus would be an ideal leader . He was an outstanding speaker ; he could cure the sick ; he could even supply food for the hungry .
After Jesus fed about 5,000 men , he sensed the mood among the people .
“ Jesus , knowing that they were about to come and seize him to make him king , withdrew again to the mountain all alone . ”
The following day on the other side of the Sea of Galilee , the enthusiasm may have died down some . Jesus then explained to the crowd the true nature of his work .
He had come to bring spiritual , not material , benefits to the nation .
“ Work , not for the food that perishes , but for the food that remains for everlasting life , ” he told them . ​ — John 6 : 25 - 27 .
How did Jesus make clear that he did not seek political power on earth ?
( See opening picture . )
Shortly before his death , Jesus realized that some of his followers were expecting him to set up an earthly kingdom centered in Jerusalem .

He corrected that idea by giving them the illustration of the minas .
It showed that Jesus , the “ man of noble birth ” would have to go away for a long time .
Jesus also stated his neutral position to the Roman authorities .
Pontius Pilate asked Jesus : “ Are you the King of the Jews ? ”
Perhaps the governor feared that Jesus could cause political unrest , a principal concern throughout Pilate’s rule .
Jesus answered : “ My Kingdom is no part of this world . ”
He would not get involved in politics , for his Kingdom was to be a heavenly one .
He told Pilate that his work on earth was to “ bear witness to the truth . ” ​ — Read John 18 : 37 .
Is your focus on the world’s problems or on God’s Kingdom ?
( See paragraph 7 )
Why may it be a challenge to avoid giving tacit support to independence movements ?
When we understand our assignment as clearly as Jesus understood his , we will avoid even lending tacit , or unspoken , support for political independence movements .
This may not be easy .
“ People in our area are becoming more and more radical , ” notes one traveling overseer .
“ A nationalistic spirit has taken over , and many take for granted that political independence will improve their lives .
Thankfully , the brothers have safeguarded their Christian unity by concentrating on preaching the good news of the Kingdom .
They look to God to solve injustice and the other problems we face . ”
Give an example of the burden faced by first - century Jews .

Injustice often inflames political passions .
Taxation was a hot political issue in Jesus ’ time .
In fact , the rebellion of Judas the Galilean , mentioned earlier , was sparked by a registration to ensure that the people paid tribute to Rome .
Subjects of Rome , including those who listened to Jesus , were required to pay many taxes , such as on goods , land , and houses .
And the corruption of the tax collectors increased the sense of being under a heavy burden .
Tax collectors might purchase a position of authority at a public auction and then profit from what was collected .
Zacchaeus , the chief tax collector in Jericho , had become rich by extorting money from the people .
His course was probably typical of that of many .
9 , 10 . ( a ) How did Jesus ’ enemies try to get him involved in a political issue ?
( b ) What do we learn from Jesus ’ response ?
( See opening picture . )
Jesus ’ enemies tried to trap Jesus by getting him to take sides on a taxation issue .
The tax in question was the “ head tax , ” a tax of one denarius levied on Roman subjects .
( Read Matthew 22 : 16 - 18 . )
The Jews especially resented this tax .
It represented their subjection to Rome .
The “ party followers of Herod ” who raised this issue hoped that if Jesus denounced the tax , he might be accused of sedition .
If Jesus said that taxation was a necessary burden , he could lose the support of his followers .
Jesus was careful to remain neutral on the taxation issue .
“ Pay back . . .
Caesar’s things to Caesar , but God’s things to God , ” he said . Of course , Jesus knew that corruption was common among tax collectors .
But Jesus did not want to get sidetracked , diverted from the much more important issue .
That was God’s Kingdom , which would be the real solution . He thereby set the example for all his followers .
They should avoid becoming involved in political issues , no matter how right or just a certain cause might seem .
Christians seek the Kingdom of God and his righteousness .
They do that instead of forming strong opinions about , or speaking out against , certain unjust practices . ​ — Matt .
6 : 33 .
How can we in a positive way channel our desire for justice ?
Many of Jehovah’s Witnesses have succeeded in moving away from strong political views that they once held .
“ After taking social studies classes at the university , I developed radical views , ” says a sister in Great Britain .
“ I wanted to champion the rights of black people , since we had suffered so much injustice .
Although I was good at winning arguments , I still ended up feeling frustrated .
I did not realize that the causes of racial injustice had to be uprooted from people’s hearts .
When I began to study the Bible , however , I realized that I had to start with my own heart .
And it was a white sister who patiently helped me to make the journey .
Now I am serving as a regular pioneer in a sign - language congregation , and I am learning to reach out to all kinds of people . ”
What kind of “ leaven ” did Jesus tell his disciples to avoid ?
In Jesus ’ day , religion was often mixed up in politics .
The book Daily Life in Palestine at the Time of Christ notes that “ the religious sects into which the Jews were divided corresponded more or less to what we term political parties . ”
So Jesus warned his disciples : “ Keep your eyes open ; look out for the leaven of the Pharisees and the leaven of Herod . ” That reference to Herod likely refers to the party followers of Herod .
Politically , the Pharisees supported Jewish independence .
Matthew’s account reveals that Jesus also mentioned the Sadducees in this conversation .
They wanted to keep the status quo .
Many of their members enjoyed political power under the Roman administration .
Jesus emphatically warned his disciples to stay clear of the teachings , or leaven , that these three groups advocated .
Interestingly , this conversation took place not long after the occasion when the people wanted to make Jesus king .
13 , 14 . ( a ) How did political and religious issues lead to violence and injustice ?
( b ) Why does injustice not justify violence ?
( See opening picture . )
When religion is mixed with politics , violence can easily erupt .
Jesus taught his disciples that they must maintain neutrality in these circumstances .
That is related to the reason why the chief priests and the Pharisees planned to kill Jesus .
They saw him as a political and religious rival who threatened their position .
“ If we let him go on this way , they will all put faith in him , and the Romans will come and take away both our place and our nation , ” they said .
Thus , High Priest Caiaphas took the lead in plotting Jesus ’ death . ​ — John 11 : 49 - 53 ; 18 : 14 .
Caiaphas sent soldiers to arrest Jesus under the cover of night .
Jesus was aware of this shameful strategy , so during his final meal with the apostles , he asked them to get some swords .
Two would be sufficient to teach them a vital lesson .
Later that night , Peter used a sword to attack a member of the mob . No doubt , he was incensed at the injustice of Jesus ’ nighttime arrest .
But Jesus told Peter : “ Return your sword to its place , for all those who take up the sword will perish by the sword . ”
This powerful lesson was in harmony with what Jesus prayed about earlier that night ​ — they must be no part of the world .
( Read John 17 : 16 . )
Fighting injustice was something to be left to God .
15 , 16 . ( a ) How has God’s Word helped Christians to avoid conflict ?
( b ) What contrast does Jehovah see when he observes today’s world ?
The sister in southern Europe mentioned earlier learned this same lesson .
“ I have seen that violence does not bring justice , ” she observes .
“ I saw that those who resort to violence often end up dead .
And many others become embittered .
I was so happy to learn from the Bible that only God can bring true justice to the earth .
For the last 25 years , that is the message I have been preaching . ”
The brother in southern Africa has replaced his spear with “ the sword of the spirit , ” God’s Word , as he preaches a message of peace to his neighbors , whatever their tribe .

And after becoming one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , the sister in central Europe married a brother from an ethnic group she formerly hated .
All three made these changes because they desired to be like Christ .
And how important these changes are !
The Bible likens humanity to a sea that tosses and turns , a sea that knows no peace .
While political issues stir people up , divide them , and provoke senseless violence , we maintain our peace and unity .
And as Jehovah observes our divided world , it must warm his heart to see the unity that exists among his people . ​ — Read Zephaniah 3 : 17 .
( a ) What are three ways in which we can promote unity ?
( b ) What will we consider in the following article ?
We have seen that we can promote Christian unity in three ways : ( 1 ) We put our trust in God’s heavenly Kingdom to correct injustice , ( 2 ) we refuse to take sides in political issues , and ( 3 ) we reject violence .
Sometimes , however , our unity can be threatened by prejudice .
The following article will look at how we can successfully face this challenge , as Christians did in the first century .
“ I make request . . . that they may all be one , just as you , Father , are in union with me . ” ​ — JOHN 17 : 20 , 21 .
SONGS : 24 , 99
What sort of prejudices did Jesus ’ early disciples have to overcome ?
What first - century examples prove that people can overcome disunity ?
What can we do to promote more unity among God’s people today ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What request did Jesus make in his final prayer with his apostles ?
( b ) Why might Jesus have been concerned about unity ?
JESUS was concerned about unity during his final supper with his apostles .
When praying with them , he spoke of his desire that all his disciples be one , just as he and his Father are one .
( Read John 17 : 20 , 21 . )
Their unity would give a powerful witness , offering clear evidence that Jehovah had sent Jesus to the earth to do God’s will .
Love would be a mark of Jesus ’ true disciples that would contribute to their unity . ​ — John 13 : 34 , 35 .
Jesus ’ emphasis on unity is understandable . He had noticed a lack of unity or harmony among the apostles , such as during his final meal with them .
As had happened before , a dispute arose over “ which one of them was considered to be the greatest . ”
Another time , James and John requested that Jesus give them prominent places alongside him in his Kingdom . ​ — Mark 10 : 35 - 40 .
What factors may have contributed to a lack of unity among Christ’s disciples , and what questions will we consider ?
Desire for prominence , however , was not the only potential cause of disunity among Christ’s disciples .
The people of the land were divided by animosity and prejudice .
Jesus ’ disciples would need to overcome those feelings .
In this article , we will consider the following questions : How did Jesus deal with prejudice ?
How did he help his followers learn to treat others impartially and be truly united ?
And how will his teaching help us to keep united ?
Give examples of prejudice shown toward Jesus .
Jesus himself was subjected to prejudice .
When Philip told Nathanael that he had found the Messiah , Nathanael replied : “ Can anything good come out of Nazareth ? ”
Apparently , Nathanael knew of the prophecy at Micah 5 : 2 and considered Nazareth too insignificant to be the Messiah’s hometown .
Similarly , prominent Judeans despised Jesus because he was a Galilean .
Many Judeans viewed the people of Galilee as inferior .
Other Jews sought to insult Jesus by calling him a Samaritan .
The Samaritan people were ethnically and religiously distinct from the Jews .
Both Judeans and Galileans had little respect for the Samaritans and avoided them . ​ — John 4 : 9 .
What prejudice did Jesus ’ followers experience ?
Jewish leaders likewise heaped scorn on Jesus ’ followers .
The Pharisees classed them as among the “ accursed people . ”
Yes , they considered anyone who had not studied at the rabbinic schools or who did not keep their traditions to be contemptible and ordinary .
The prejudice that Jesus and his disciples suffered was rooted in religious , social , and ethnic divisions .
The disciples too were affected by prejudice .
To be united , they would have to change their mind - set .
Use examples to show how prejudice can affect us .
Today , most of us are surrounded by prejudice .
We could be victims , or we ourselves might hold some prejudices .
“ My hatred for white people grew as I focused on the injustice that was inflicted on the Aboriginal people ​ — past and present , ” explains a sister who is now a pioneer in Australia .
“ This hatred was also fueled by the abuse I had personally experienced . ”
A Canadian brother mentioned the prejudice he once had concerning language . “ I thought French - speaking people were superior , ” he admits . “ And I developed animosity toward English - speaking people . ”
How did Jesus deal with prejudice ?
Feelings of prejudice in our time can be deeply ingrained , just as they were in Jesus ’ day .
How did Jesus deal with them ?
First , he rejected prejudice , being totally impartial .
He preached to rich and poor , Pharisees and Samaritans , even tax collectors and sinners .
Second , by his teaching and example , Jesus showed his disciples that they must overcome suspicion or intolerance toward others .
What fundamental principle underlies Christian unity ?
Explain .
Jesus taught his followers a fundamental principle that underlies our unity . “ All of you are brothers , ” he said .
( Read Matthew 23 : 8 , 9 . )
Of course , one sense in which we are “ brothers ” is that all of us have descended from Adam .
But there is more . Jesus explained that his disciples were brothers and sisters because they recognized Jehovah as their heavenly Father .
In addition , they had become members of one large spiritual family , united by love and faith .
Thus in their letters , the apostles often referred to fellow disciples as ‘ brothers and sisters . ’ ​ — Rom . 1 : 13 ; 1 Pet . 2 : 17 ; 1 John 3 : 13 .
*
9 , 10 . ( a ) Why did the Jews not have reason for racial pride ?
( b ) How did Jesus teach a lesson in overcoming racial prejudice ?
( See opening picture . )
After making it clear that we should view one another as brothers and sisters , Jesus stressed the need for humility .
( Read Matthew 23 : 11 , 12 . )
As noted , undue pride among his apostles led to some disunity .
And pride of race could also have been a problem .
Did the Jews have reason to be proud because they were descendants of Abraham ?
Many Jews had that deep - seated conviction .
But John the Baptist told them : “ God is able to raise up children for Abraham from these stones . ” ​ — Luke 3 : 8 .
Jesus condemned racial pride .
He used an opportunity to do so when a scribe asked : “ Who really is my neighbor ? ”
In answer , Jesus gave an illustration of a Samaritan who kindly cared for a traveler ​ — a Jew — ​ who had been beaten by thieves .
Passing Jews ignored this unfortunate man , whereas the Samaritan took pity on him .
Jesus concluded his story by telling the scribe to be like that Samaritan .

Jesus showed that a Samaritan could teach the Jews the meaning of true neighborly love .
Why did the disciples of Christ need to view foreigners impartially , and how did Jesus help them understand that ?
To fulfill their commission , Jesus ’ disciples needed to conquer the pride and prejudice they had .
Before ascending to heaven , he assigned them to bear witness to “ all Judea and Samaria , and to the most distant part of the earth . ”
Jesus had earlier prepared them for such an extensive assignment by drawing their attention to good qualities in foreigners .
He praised a foreign army officer for his outstanding faith .

In his hometown of Nazareth , Jesus spoke of how Jehovah had favored foreigners , such as the Phoenician widow from Zarephath and the Syrian leper Naaman .
And Jesus not only preached to a Samaritan woman but he spent two days in a Samaritan town because of the people’s interest in his message . ​ — John 4 : 21 - 24 , 40 .
12 , 13 . ( a ) How did the apostles react when Jesus taught a Samaritan woman ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What shows that James and John did not fully get the point ?
It was not easy , however , for the apostles to put aside their prejudice .
They were surprised to see that Jesus was willing to teach a Samaritan woman .
Jewish religious leaders would not talk to a woman in public , let alone a Samaritan woman with a questionable reputation .
The apostles urged Jesus to eat .
But his reply indicated that he was so absorbed in the spiritual discussion that his hunger could be ignored .
Preaching ​ — even to a Samaritan woman — ​ was the will of his Father , and it was like food for him . ​ — John 4 : 31 - 34 .
James and John did not grasp this lesson .
When journeying with Jesus through Samaria , the disciples sought overnight lodging in a Samaritan village .
The Samaritans refused to receive them , so James and John angrily suggested calling down fire from heaven to destroy the entire village .
Jesus firmly rebuked them .
We may wonder if James and John would have reacted the same way if the inhospitable village had been in their home region of Galilee .
It seems likely that prejudice had kindled their animosity .
It could be that the apostle John felt embarrassed about his rash outburst when he later enjoyed a successful preaching campaign among the Samaritans . ​ — Acts 8 : 14 , 25 .
How was an issue that may have involved language resolved ?
Not long after Pentecost 33 C.E . , an issue of discrimination arose .
When distributing food to needy widows , Greek - speaking widows were overlooked .
Prejudice about language may have been a factor .
The apostles quickly rectified matters by appointing qualified men to handle the food distribution .
All these spiritually qualified men had Greek names .
This may have made them more acceptable to the offended widows .
How did Peter make progress in showing impartiality to everyone ?
( See opening picture . )
In 36 C.E . , the disciple - making work became much more international .
The apostle Peter had a custom of associating only with Jews .
But after God made it clear that Christians should not be partial , Peter preached to Cornelius , a Roman soldier .

( Read Acts 10 : 28 , 34 , 35 . )
Thereafter , Peter enjoyed food and association with Gentile believers .
Years later , though , Peter stopped eating with non - Jewish Christians in the city of Antioch .
In that case , Paul gave Peter a fitting reproof , which he evidently accepted .
When Peter wrote his first letter to Jewish and Gentile Christians in Asia Minor , he spoke warmly about the whole association of brothers . ​ — 1 Pet . 1 : 1 ; 2 : 17 .
What reputation did early Christians gain ?
Clearly , the apostles did learn from Jesus ’ example to love “ all sorts of men . ”
Although it took time , they adjusted their way of thinking .
The early Christians gained a reputation of loving one another .
Tertullian , a second - century writer , quoted non - Christians as saying : “ They love one another . . .
They are ready even to die for one another . ”
Putting on “ the new personality , ” the early Christians came to view all people as equal in the sight of God . ​ — Col .
3 : 10 , 11 .
How can we uproot prejudice from our heart ?
Give examples .
Today , we too may need time to uproot prejudice from our heart .
A sister in France describes her battle : “ Jehovah has taught me what love means , what sharing means , what loving people of all kinds means .
But I am still learning to overcome prejudice toward others , and it is not always easy .
That is why I continue praying about it . ”
A sister in Spain faces a similar battle : “ I sometimes struggle with my feelings of animosity toward a certain ethnic group , and I succeed most of the time .
But I know that I need to keep on fighting .
Thanks to Jehovah , I am happy to belong to a united family . ”
Each of us can make a sincere self - analysis . Might we personally need to fight some feelings of prejudice , as do these two sisters ?
18 , 19 . ( a ) What reasons do we have to welcome everyone ?
( b ) How can we do this in practical ways ?
It is good to remember that at one time we were all “ strangers , ” or foreigners , not close to God .
But Jehovah drew us to him “ with the cords of love . ”
And Christ welcomed us .
He opened the door , as it were , so that we could become part of God’s family .
( Read Romans 15 : 7 . )
Since Jesus has kindly accepted us , as imperfect as we are , it should be unthinkable for us to reject anyone else !
Servants of Jehovah seek the wisdom from above and are united in love ( See paragraph 19 )
Divisions , prejudice , and hostility will doubtless increase in the world as we approach the end of this wicked system .
As servants of Jehovah , though , we seek the wisdom from above , which is impartial and promotes peace .
We rejoice as we forge friendships with people from other lands , accepting cultural differences and possibly even learning the languages of others .
When we do this , peace flows just like a river , and justice like the waves of the sea . ​ — Isa .
48 : 17 , 18 .
What happens when love molds our minds and hearts ?
“ The floodgates of true knowledge were opened to me , ” says the Australian sister mentioned earlier .
She acknowledges how a study of the Bible affected her , saying : “ I was molded with a new heart and mind .
So all the ingrained prejudice and hatred melted away before my eyes . ”
And the Canadian brother says that he now realizes that “ ignorance is often the mother of racism and that people’s qualities do not depend on their place of birth . ”
He married an English - speaking sister !
Such changes in attitude are a testimony to the fact that Christian love can and does conquer prejudice .
It unites us with an unbreakable bond . ​ — Col .
3 : 14 .
The term “ brothers ” can include female members of the congregation .
Paul addressed his letter to the “ brothers ” in Rome . That clearly included sisters , several of whom he mentioned by name .
The Watchtower has long described Christian believers as ‘ brothers and sisters . ’
WE SERVE Jehovah and want his favor , do we not ?
But to whom will God grant his favor and blessing ?
Some in Bible times enjoyed his approval even though they had formerly committed grave sins .
Others who had admirable qualities failed to win God’s approval .
So we might ask , “ What is Jehovah primarily looking for in each of us ? ”
The example of Rehoboam , king of Judah , can help us find the answer .
Rehoboam’s father was Solomon , who reigned in Israel for 40 years .
Solomon died in 997 B.C.E .
Then Rehoboam traveled north from Jerusalem to Shechem to be anointed as king .
Do you imagine that he was apprehensive about following in the footsteps of Solomon , who was known for his extraordinary wisdom ?
How could Rehoboam foresee that soon his own ability to resolve complex issues would be tested ?
Rehoboam must have found the atmosphere in Israel thick with tension .
In time , representatives of the people came to him and set their concerns squarely before him : “ Your father made our yoke harsh .
But if you make the harsh service of your father easier and you lighten the heavy yoke he put on us , we will serve you . ” ​ — 2 Chron .
10 : 3 , 4 . Rehoboam may have felt trapped ! If he met the people’s demands , he , his family , and those of his court might have to cut back on some luxuries and make fewer demands on the people .
On the other hand , if he refused , the people might rebel .
What would he do ?
The new king first consulted with the older men who had been counselors to Solomon .
However , then Rehoboam sought advice from younger men , those of his own age .
Following their advice , Rehoboam decided to treat the people harshly .
He answered : “ I will make your yoke heavier , and I will add to it . My father punished you with whips , but I will do so with scourges . ” ​ — 2 Chron . 10 : 6 - 14 .
Do you see a lesson for us ?
Clearly , there is often wisdom in listening to older , spiritually mature ones .
Having the benefit of experience , they may perceive the likely outcome of a decision and thus give us good advice . ​ — Job 12 : 12 .
In response to the revolt , Rehoboam mustered his army .
But Jehovah intervened through the prophet Shemaiah , saying : “ You must not go up and fight against your Israelite brothers .
Each one of you must return to his house , for I have caused this to happen . ” ​ — 1 Ki . 12 : 21 - 24 .
*
Not even put up a fight ? You can imagine how that would have troubled Rehoboam !
What would people think of the king who threatened to punish his subjects “ with scourges ” yet soon yielded to this flagrant rebellion ?
( Compare 2 Chronicles 13 : 7 . )
Nevertheless , the king and his armies “ obeyed the word of Jehovah and went back home , as Jehovah had told them . ”
What is the lesson for us ?
It is wise to obey God even if doing so might expose us to some ridicule . Obedience to God leads to his favor and blessing . ​ — Deut .
28 : 2 .
What was the result for Rehoboam ?
Obediently abandoning his plan to fight the newly established nation , he turned his attention to building cities in the tribal territories of Judah and Benjamin over which he still reigned .
He reinforced a number of cities “ to a very great degree . ”
More important , for a time he adhered to Jehovah’s laws .
As the ten - tribe kingdom of Israel under Jeroboam sank into idolatry , many from there “ supported Rehoboam ” by traveling to Jerusalem to take their stand for true worship .
Thus , Rehoboam’s obedience strengthened his kingship .
When his kingship was firmly established , however , Rehoboam did something unexpected .
He abandoned the law of Jehovah in favor of pagan worship !
But why ?
Was he acting under the influence of his mother , who was an Ammonitess ?
Whatever his reasons , the nation as a whole followed him .
Jehovah therefore allowed King Shishak of Egypt to capture many Judean cities , despite Rehoboam’s having fortified them ! ​ — 1 Ki . 14 : 22 - 24 ; 2 Chron .
12 : 1 - 4 . Matters came to a head when Shishak reached Jerusalem , where Rehoboam reigned .
At this point , Shemaiah the prophet delivered God’s message to Rehoboam and his princes : “ You have abandoned me , so I have also abandoned you to the hand of Shishak . ”
How did Rehoboam respond to that message of discipline ? Commendably !
The Bible reports : “ The princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves and said : ‘ Jehovah is righteous . ’ ”
Hence , Jehovah rescued Rehoboam and Jerusalem from destruction . ​ — 2 Chron . 12 : 5 - 7 , 12 .
Thereafter , Rehoboam continued to reign over the southern kingdom .
Before his death , he generously distributed gifts among his many sons , evidently to discourage any revolt against their brother Abijah , his successor .
In this , Rehoboam showed a measure of insight that he did not display earlier .
His merits notwithstanding , Rehoboam failed to gain God’s favor .
The Bible sums up his reign , saying : “ He did what was bad . ”
Why ?
Because “ he had not resolved in his heart to search for Jehovah . ” ​ — 2 Chron . 12 : 14 .
Unlike King David , Rehoboam failed to cultivate a close bond with Jehovah
Think of the implications : Rehoboam obeyed God sometimes .
And he did some good things in behalf of Jehovah’s nation .
But he failed to cultivate a close bond with Jehovah or a fervent desire to please him .
Thus , he fell into wrongdoing and false worship .
You might wonder : ‘ When Rehoboam did respond to divine correction , was he acting primarily under the influence of others rather than out of heartfelt repentance and a desire to please God ? ’
Later in life he returned to doing what was bad .
How different he was from his grandfather , King David !
Yes , David made mistakes , but his life was characterized by love for Jehovah , devotion to true worship , and genuine repentance over his transgressions . ​ — 1 Ki . 14 : 8 ; Ps .
51 : 1 , 17 ; 63 : 1 . We certainly can learn a lesson from Rehoboam .
It is commendable when people provide for their families and strive to accomplish something worthwhile .
But to enjoy divine favor , we must first and foremost support true worship and stick to it .
This we will likely do if we strive to maintain a deep love for Jehovah .
Just as we stoke a fire to keep it alive , we need to keep our love for God burning by regularly studying his Word , meditating on what we read , and persevering in prayer .
Our love for Jehovah will , in turn , ignite our desire to please him in all that we do . It will move us , if at times it is needed , to genuine repentance .
Unlike Rehoboam , we will remain steadfast in true worship . ​ — Jude 20 , 21 .
Because of Solomon’s unfaithfulness , God had already indicated that the kingdom would be split . ​ — 1 Ki . 11 : 31 .
“ HELLO !
How are you today ? ”
No doubt you have often used a greeting such as that .
You may even have accompanied your greeting with a handshake or a hug .
Customs and words used may differ from place to place , but the basics of a greeting are much the same .
In fact , not offering or responding to a greeting may be taken as unloving or as evidence of bad manners .
But not all people are inclined to greet others .
Some hesitate to extend a greeting out of shyness or low self - worth .
Some find it difficult to greet others who are of a different race , culture , or social standing .
However , even a brief greeting can have very positive effects .
Ask yourself : ‘ What can a greeting accomplish ?
And what can God’s Word teach me about greetings ? ’
When the apostle Peter welcomed the first Gentile , Cornelius , into the Christian congregation , he said : “ God is not partial . ”
Later , Peter wrote that God “ desires all to attain to repentance . ”
We might initially associate those texts with a person who is learning the truth .
But Peter also exhorted Christians : “ Honor men of all sorts , have love for the whole association of brothers . ”
Would it not , then , be good for us to greet others irrespective of their race , culture , or background ?
That would be part of showing them honor and love .
The apostle Paul urged those in the congregation : “ Welcome one another , just as the Christ also welcomed you . ”
Paul took special note of brothers who had proved to be “ a strengthening aid ” to him .
How much more so do brothers and sisters today need strengthening as we face Satan’s intense attack against God’s people . ​ — Col . 4 : 11 , ftn . ; Rev .
12 : 12 , 17 .
Scriptural examples show that greetings can do more than make others feel welcome .
When it came time for the Son of God to have his life transferred to the womb of Mary , Jehovah sent an angel to speak to her .
“ Greetings , you highly favored one , ” the angel began , “ Jehovah is with you . ”
Mary was “ deeply disturbed , ” uncertain why an angel was speaking to her .
Seeing this , the angel said : “ Do not be afraid , Mary , for you have found favor with God . ”
He explained that it was God’s purpose for her to give birth to the Messiah .
Rather than remain disturbed , Mary obediently replied : “ Look !
Jehovah’s slave girl ! May it happen to me according to your declaration . ” ​ — Luke 1 : 26 - 38 .
It was a privilege for the angel to act as Jehovah’s messenger ; yet , he did not consider it beneath him to address an imperfect human .
He started off with a greeting .
Can we learn from that example ?
We should be ready to greet others and encourage them .
With just a few words , we can help others and give them confidence that they are really a part of Jehovah’s people .
Paul came to know many in congregations throughout Asia Minor and Europe .
His letters contain many specific greetings .
We see this from Romans chapter 16 .
Paul sent greetings to many fellow Christians . He mentioned Phoebe , “ our sister , ” and urged the brothers to “ welcome her in the Lord in a way worthy of the holy ones and give her whatever help she may need . ”
Paul greeted Prisca and Aquila , “ to whom not only I but also all the congregations of the nations give thanks . ”
He greeted some who are essentially unknown today ​ — “ my beloved Epaenetus ” as well as “ Tryphaena and Tryphosa , women who are working hard in the Lord . ”
Yes , Paul readily greeted his brothers and sisters . ​ — Rom .
16 : 1 - 16 .
Imagine the joy it brought them to know that they were remembered fondly .
How their love for Paul and one another must have deepened !
And hearing those loving greetings surely encouraged other Christians , helping them to remain firm in the faith .
Yes , greetings that express genuine personal interest and commendation fortify friendships and unite loyal servants of God .
When Paul landed at the port of Puteoli and headed up toward Rome , local Christians came south to meet him .
Upon seeing them from a distance , Paul “ thanked God and took courage . ”
At times , we may be able only to smile or wave as a greeting . Yet , even that can uplift a person , perhaps one who is depressed or sad . The disciple James needed to give strong counsel .
Some Christians were becoming spiritual adulteresses by having friendship with the world .
But take note of how James began his letter :
“ James , a slave of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ , to the 12 tribes that are scattered about : Greetings ! ”
His readers no doubt found it easier to accept his advice when they saw from his greeting that they had the same standing before God .
Yes , a humble greeting can open the way even for a discussion of serious matters .
A truly effective greeting , however short , should be sincere and reflect genuine love .
That is so even if it seems to go unnoticed .
A sister in Ireland once arrived at the Kingdom Hall just as the meeting was about to start .
As she hurried in , one brother turned , smiled , and said : “ Hello .
It’s really good to see you . ”
The sister simply took her seat .
A few weeks later , she approached the brother and mentioned that for some time she had been coping with a distressing situation at home .
“ I felt so upset that evening , ” she said , “ that I almost did not come to the Kingdom Hall .
I cannot remember much of the meeting , except your greeting .
It made me feel really welcome .
Thank you . ”
That brother had been unaware of the powerful effect of his brief greeting .
“ When she told me what those few words meant to her , ” he observes , “ I was so glad I made the effort .
It made me feel good too . ”
Solomon wrote : “ Cast your bread on the waters , for after many days you will find it again . ”
By being conscious of the value of our greetings , especially to fellow Christians , we enrich others as well as ourselves .
So let us never underestimate the power of a greeting .
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
Two sisters share a timely message with a store owner in Montevideo , capital of Uruguay
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2017 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ I ponder over your reminders . ” ​ — PS .
119 : 99 .
SONGS : 127 , 88
How can your conscience serve as a moral compass ?
Why is it important that we grow to love God’s laws ?
How is our progress toward maturity related to our conscience ?
What is one thing that makes humans superior to animals ?
ONE thing that makes humans superior to animals is the fact that humans have been endowed with a conscience .
That has been true ever since man has been on the earth .
After Adam and Eve broke Jehovah’s law , they hid themselves .
This indicates that their conscience was bothering them .
How can our conscience be like a compass ?
( See opening picture . )
Those with a poorly trained conscience can be likened to a ship that is navigating with a defective compass .
Setting off on a journey without an accurate compass can be treacherous .
The winds and currents of the ocean can easily throw a ship off course .
A properly calibrated compass can help the captain to keep the ship on course .
Our conscience can be likened to a moral compass .
It is an inner sense of right or wrong that can guide us in the right direction .
But in order for our conscience to be an effective guide , it must be properly adjusted , or calibrated .
What can result when a conscience is not properly trained ?
When a person’s conscience is not properly trained , it does not act as a restraint from wrongdoing .
Such a conscience might even convince us that “ bad is good . ”
Jesus warned his followers : “ The hour is coming when everyone who kills you will think he has offered a sacred service to God . ”
That was true of those who murdered the disciple Stephen , and it has been true of others like them .
How ironic that in committing such evil crimes as murder , religious fanatics violate the very laws of the One whom they claim to worship !
Clearly , their consciences are treacherous guides !
How can we prevent our conscience from becoming ineffective ?
How can we prevent our conscience from becoming ineffective ?
The laws and principles contained in God’s Word are “ beneficial for teaching , for reproving , for setting things straight , for disciplining in righteousness . ”
Therefore , by diligently studying the Bible , meditating on what it says , and applying it in our lives , we can train our conscience to be more sensitive to God’s thinking , and it can thus serve as a reliable guide .
Let us consider how Jehovah’s laws and principles can help us to train our conscience .
5 , 6 .
How do we benefit from following God’s laws ?
In order to benefit from God’s laws , we need to do more than simply read them or become acquainted with them .
We must grow to love and respect them .
God’s Word says : “ Hate what is bad , and love what is good . ”
But how do we actually do that ?
A key is to learn to view things the way Jehovah views them .
To illustrate : Imagine that you are having difficulty sleeping well .
Your doctor prescribes a program involving diet , exercise , and lifestyle changes .
After trying the program , you find that it works !
You probably would greatly appreciate your doctor for helping you to improve the quality of your life .
In like manner , our Creator has given us laws that can protect us from the damaging effects of sin and thus improve our life .
Think about how we benefit from following the Bible’s laws about lying , scheming , stealing , sexual immorality , violence , and spiritism .
( Read Proverbs 6 : 16 - 19 ; Rev .
21 : 8 ) When we experience the rich rewards that come from doing things Jehovah’s way , our heart naturally grows in love and appreciation for both Jehovah and his laws .
Reading and meditating on real - life Bible accounts can help us to do what ?
Thankfully , we do not need to suffer the consequences of breaking God’s laws to learn valuable lessons .
We can learn from the mistakes of others whose transgressions are recorded in God’s Word .
Proverbs 1 : 5 says : “ A wise person listens and takes in more instruction . ”
Indeed , we receive the very best instruction from God , such as when we read and meditate on real - life Bible accounts .
For example , think of the pain that King David experienced after he disobeyed Jehovah’s command and committed adultery with Bath - sheba .
While reading and meditating on this account , we might ask ourselves : ‘ How could King David have avoided the heartache he suffered because of his adulterous act with Bath - sheba ?
If I faced a similar temptation , would I have the strength to turn away ?
Would I flee like Joseph , or would I give in like David ? ’
By reflecting on the bad consequences of sin , we can strengthen our heart to “ hate what is bad . ”
8 , 9 . ( a ) What purpose does our conscience serve ?
( b ) How do Jehovah’s principles and our conscience interact ?
We may well stay far away from practices that God hates .
Yet , there are other activities or aspects of life about which the Scriptures provide no specific command .
In such areas , how can we determine what is acceptable and pleasing to God ?
That is where our Bible - trained conscience comes into play .
Jehovah has lovingly given us principles that work in conjunction with our Bible - trained conscience .
He himself says : “ I , Jehovah , am your God , the One teaching you to benefit yourself , the One guiding you in the way you should walk . ”
By using our mind and heart to reason on Bible principles , we correct , direct , and mold our conscience .
That , in turn , helps us to make wise decisions .
What are principles , and how did Jesus use them effectively ?
A principle is a fundamental truth or doctrine that is used as a basis of reasoning or action .
To understand a principle includes understanding the thinking of the Lawgiver and the reasons why he gave certain laws .
Throughout his ministry , Jesus taught basic truths to help his disciples recognize the consequences of certain attitudes or actions .
For example , he taught that resentment can lead to violence and that lust can lead to adultery .
To help us have a conscience that is properly trained , we should let godly principles guide us and thus bring glory to God . ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 31 .
A mature Christian is sensitive to the conscience of others ( See paragraphs 11 , 12 )
How may consciences differ ?
On certain matters , two different Christians with Bible - trained consciences might come to opposite conclusions .
Consider the use of alcoholic beverages .
The Bible does not condemn the moderate use of alcohol .
It does , however , warn against the excessive use of alcohol , as well as drunkenness .
Does this mean that a Christian has no other factors to consider as long as his use of alcohol is moderate ?
Not at all .
While he may be at peace with his own conscience , the Christian must also consider the conscience of others .
How can the words found at Romans 14 : 21 move us to respect the conscience of others ?
Regarding the need for a Christian to be sensitive to the conscience of others , Paul wrote : “ It is best not to eat meat or drink wine or do anything over which your brother stumbles . ”
Would you be willing to forgo things that are within your right if you could thus avoid stumbling a brother whose conscience differs from yours ? No doubt you would .
Before they came to a knowledge of the truth , some of our brothers abused alcohol , but now they are determined to abstain from it .
Surely , none of us would want to contribute to a brother’s falling back into a course that would cause him great harm !
Therefore , it would be unloving for a host to pressure a brother to drink alcohol if he has declined to do so .
How did Timothy set a good example in promoting Kingdom interests ?
While likely in his late teens or early 20 ’ s , the young man Timothy submitted to painful circumcision in order to avoid stumbling Jews to whom he was going to preach .
His attitude was similar to that of the apostle Paul .

Like Timothy , are you willing to make personal sacrifices for the good of others ?
14 , 15 . ( a ) What is involved in growing to maturity ?
( b ) In what way is demonstrating love for others related to Christian maturity ?
All Christians should want to move “ beyond the primary doctrine about the Christ ” and to “ press on to maturity . ”
This does not happen automatically .
We need to “ press on , ” or keep working at it . Growing to maturity involves advancing to an increased level of knowledge and insight .
That is why we have repeatedly been encouraged to read a portion of the Bible daily .
Have you made that a personal goal ?
Doing such reading can give you greater insight into Jehovah’s laws and principles and a deeper understanding of God’s Word .
The foremost law for Christians is the law of love .
Jesus told his disciples : “ By this all will know that you are my disciples ​ — if you have love among yourselves . ”
Jesus ’ half brother James called love “ the royal law . ”
Paul said : “ Love is the law’s fulfillment . ”
This emphasis on love is not surprising , since the Bible tells us that “ God is love . ”
God’s love is not reflected merely in sentiment .
John wrote : “ By this the love of God was revealed in our case , that God sent his only - begotten Son into the world so that we might gain life through him . ” Yes , God’s love moved him to action .
To the extent that we demonstrate love for Jehovah and his Son , for our Christian brothers , as well as for others of mankind , we give evidence of our Christian maturity . ​ — Matt .
22 : 37 - 39 .
As we reason on godly principles , our conscience becomes a more reliable guide ( See paragraph 16 )
As we progress spiritually toward maturity , why do principles become more important to us ?
As you advance toward Christian maturity , you will find that principles become more important to you .
That is because laws may apply to a specific situation , whereas principles are far broader in application .
For example , a young child does not understand the dangers of bad associations , so a discerning parent will set rules to protect him .
But as the child matures , his thinking ability develops , and he is able to reason on Bible - based principles .
Thus , he can increasingly make wise decisions in choosing his associates .
( Read 1 Corinthians 13 : 11 ; 14 : 20 . )
When we reason on godly principles , our conscience increasingly becomes a more reliable guide , attuned to God’s thinking .
Why can we say that we have what we need to make wise decisions ?
Do we have everything we need to make wise decisions that please Jehovah ?


Yes .
By making skilled use of the laws and principles found in God’s Word , we will be “ fully competent , completely equipped for every good work . ”
Therefore , search for Scriptural principles in order to ‘ perceive what the will of Jehovah is . ’
Make good use of study aids provided through the Christian congregation , such as the Watch Tower Publications Index , the Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses , the Watchtower Library , the Watchtower ONLINE LIBRARY , and the JW Library app .
These tools are designed to help us get the most out of our personal and family study .
What blessings result when we act in harmony with Jehovah’s laws and principles ?
Blessings result from observing Jehovah’s laws and principles , as we read at Psalm 119 : 97 - 100 : “ How I do love your law !
I ponder over it all day long .
Your commandment makes me wiser than my enemies , because it is with me forever .
I have more insight than all my teachers , because I ponder over your reminders .
I act with more understanding than older men , because I observe your orders . ”
We can increasingly act with wisdom , insight , and understanding if we take the time to “ ponder over ” God’s laws and principles . With diligent effort , we can attain “ the measure of stature that belongs to the fullness of the Christ ” as we let God’s laws and principles train our conscience . ​ — Eph .
4 : 13 .
“ Let your light shine before men , so that they may . . . give glory to your Father . ” ​ — MATT .
5 : 16 .
SONGS : 77 , 59
In addition to engaging in the ministry , in what other ways can we let our light shine ?
How is Christian unity involved in drawing attention to the truth ?
Why is keeping on the watch so important today ?
What special cause for joy do we have ?
HOW thrilling it is to hear of increases that Jehovah’s people are experiencing !
Last year we regularly conducted over 10,000,000 Bible studies .
This certainly indicates that God’s servants are letting their light shine !
And think of the millions of interested ones whom we welcomed at the Memorial .
They could thus learn of the love that God expressed when he provided the ransom . ​ — 1 John 4 : 9 .
2 , 3 . ( a ) What obstacle does not prevent us from “ shining as illuminators ” ?
( b ) In view of Jesus ’ words recorded at Matthew 5 : 14 - 16 , what will we consider ?
Worldwide , Jehovah’s people speak many different languages .
However , this does not prevent us from offering united praise to our Father , Jehovah .
No matter what our mother tongue is or where we live , we can shine “ as illuminators in the world . ” ​ — Phil .
2 : 15 .
The increase we observe , the unity we enjoy , and the watchful attitude that we strive to maintain all contribute to our bringing glory to Jehovah .
In this article , we will discuss how that is accomplished . ​ — Read Matthew 5 : 14 - 16 .
4 , 5 . ( a ) In addition to preaching , how can we let our light shine ?
( b ) What benefits may come from our kind demeanor ?
( See opening picture . )
“ No one could be faithful and true to the Lord in these remaining days . . . unless he would avail himself of the opportunity of letting his light shine . ”
That was a comment in the article “ Light in the Darkness , ” published in The Watch Tower of June 1 , 1925 .
The article then explained : “ He must do this by telling the good news to the peoples of the earth , and by conforming himself to the ways of light . ”
Clearly , one way we let our light shine is by preaching the good news and making disciples .
In addition , we can glorify Jehovah by our Christian conduct .
Householders and passersby observe our behavior . Our friendly smile and warm greeting say much about who we are and what kind of God we worship .
“ When you enter the house , ” Jesus told his disciples , “ greet the household . ”
In the area where Jesus and the apostles often preached , it was not unusual for people to invite strangers into their homes .
Today , this is not the custom in many places .
Still , your positive , friendly manner as you explain why you are there can often allay a householder’s concern or ease his irritation .
A pleasant smile is often the best introduction .
That has also proved true when brothers and sisters engage in public witnessing using a literature cart .
As you share in that form of service , you may find that people often react favorably to a pleasant smile and greeting . It may move them to approach us and take one of our publications .
Your kind demeanor can also help you to start a conversation .
How did one elderly couple expand their ministry ?
An elderly couple in England have health issues that severely limit their house - to - house ministry .
They decided to let their light shine right outside their home .
They display some Bible publications on a table at the time when parents come to pick up their children from a nearby school .
Curiosity has prompted many to obtain copies of Questions Young People Ask ​ — Answers That Work , Volumes 1 and 2 , as well as brochures .
A pioneer sister from their congregation joined them in their witnessing initiative .
Her friendly manner and the couple’s genuine , sincere efforts prompted one of the parents to accept a Bible study .
What help can you offer to newcomers in your area ?
In recent years , many countries have experienced an influx of refugees .
What can you do to help such ones come to know Jehovah and his purpose ?
For a start , why not learn a greeting in the languages commonly spoken by newcomers in your area ?
The JW Language app is a tool that can help you do that .
Additionally , why not learn a few phrases that may capture their interest ?
You might then be able to direct them to jw.org and show them the variety of videos and publications available in their language . ​ — Deut . 10 : 19 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) What practical help do we receive at our midweek meetings ?
( b ) How can parents help their children to participate at meetings ?
Jehovah lovingly provides the Life and Ministry Meeting so that we can become more effective in the field ministry .
The practical instruction we receive at this meeting helps many of us feel more confident about making return visits and conducting Bible studies .
Many newcomers have observed that our children participate at meetings .
Parents , help your children to let their light shine by teaching them to comment in their own words .
Their simple , heartfelt expressions have sometimes prompted newly interested ones to recognize the ring of truth . ​ — 1 Cor .
14 : 25 .
What role does family worship play in promoting unity ?
Another way to let your light shine is by promoting unity in your family and in your congregation .
One way parents can do so is by arranging for a regular Family Worship program .
Many include watching JW Broadcasting sometime during the month .
After viewing the program , why not take time to discuss how to apply the points that were featured ?
When presiding over family worship , the parent should remember that the guidance a young child needs may well differ from that of a teenager .
Make suitable application of the study material so that each member of the family benefits . ​ — Ps . 148 : 12 , 13 .
Taking an interest in older ones is very upbuilding ( See paragraph 11 )
11 - 13 .
How can all promote unity in the congregation and help others to let their light shine ?
How can young ones promote unity in the congregation and thus encourage others to let their light shine ?
If you are a Christian youth , why not make it your aim to take an interest in older ones ?
You might respectfully ask them to relate an experience from their years of service .
You will find this very upbuilding , and both you and they will be even more motivated to let the light of truth shine .
And all of us can make it a point to welcome those who attend meetings at the Kingdom Hall .
Your doing so will promote unity and may move visitors to want to share in letting their light shine .
Your efforts can include greeting visitors with a friendly smile , perhaps even helping new ones to their seats .
Try to introduce them to others , thus making newcomers feel at home .
If you are assigned to handle a meeting for field service , you can do much to help older ones to have a share in the ministry .
Do they have suitable territory ?
In some cases , you may choose to assign them to work with a younger companion who can provide physical support .
You can also show understanding to those whose health and circumstances limit what they can do .
Yes , your consideration and discernment can help young and old , experienced and less experienced , to preach the good news with zeal . ​ — Lev .
19 : 32 .
The psalmist was moved to exclaim : “ How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to dwell together in unity ! ”
( Read Psalm 133 : 1 , 2 . )
By being together , the Israelites benefited greatly from the good influence of others who worshipped Jehovah .
It was like anointing oil that was both pleasant and refreshing .
Why not be resolved to have a positive influence , promoting unity among your brothers and sisters ?
If you are already doing so , that is commendable .
Could you “ widen out , ” that is , do it to a greater extent and more consistently ? ​ — 2 Cor . 6 : 11 - 13 , ftn .
What can you do to let your light shine in the neighborhood ?
What about increasing your efforts to let the light of Bible truth shine in your neighborhood ?
Your kind words and deeds may well attract a neighbor to the truth .
Ask yourself : ‘ How do my neighbors view me ?
Do I keep my home and property tidy , thus reflecting well on the neighborhood ?
Do I take the initiative to be helpful to others ? ’
When you are in conversation with other Witnesses , why not draw them out on how their kindness and good conduct have affected relatives , neighbors , workmates , or schoolmates ?
It is quite likely that you will hear positive experiences . ​ — Eph .
5 : 9 .
Why is keeping on the watch vital ?
Our attitude comes into the picture as we strive to increase the extent to which we let our light shine .
Jesus repeatedly exhorted his disciples : “ Keep on the watch . ”
Obviously , if we believe that the “ great tribulation ” is a long way off , that it will come sometime but not in our lifetime , we will lack a sense of urgency with regard to the preaching work .
Instead of shining brilliantly in our neighborhood , our light will flicker and could even go out .
16 , 17 .
What can you do to maintain a watchful attitude ?
As these critical times worsen , all of us need to keep on the watch .
When Jehovah acts , it will be at the right time .
There is no question about that .
Meanwhile , exercise patience , being ever watchful .
Read God’s Word each day , and be vigilant with a view to prayers .
Take note of sterling examples of brothers and sisters whose lives reflect their joy in keeping on the watch as well as letting their light shine .
One fine example is the experience recounted in the article “ Seventy Years of Holding On to the Skirt of a Jew , ” published in The Watchtower of April 15 , 2012 , pages 18 - 21 .
Fill your life with upbuilding activity and association .
That will bring you great joy , and it will seem to you that time is passing quickly .
A century ago , our brothers were busy and accomplished much .
But we are accomplishing much more today under Jehovah’s guiding hand .
We are letting our light shine to an extent that could not have been imagined previously .
Shepherding visits offer us the opportunity to seek wisdom from God’s Word ( See paragraphs 18 , 19 )
18 , 19 .
How can congregation elders help us to be vigilant and active ?
Illustrate .
It is faith - strengthening to know that our imperfection does not stop us from serving Jehovah acceptably .
Consequently , appreciate Jehovah’s provision of “ gifts in men , ” congregation elders .
( Read Ephesians 4 : 8 , 11 , 12 . )
The next time an elder visits you , take advantage of the opportunity to draw on his wisdom and benefit from his advice .
Two elders in England responded to a call from a married couple who were having problems .
The wife felt unevenly yoked spiritually .
Her husband admitted that he was not the best teacher and did not arrange for regular family worship .
The elders directed the couple’s attention to Jesus ’ example .
He took care of his disciples and considered their needs . The elders urged the husband to imitate Jesus .
They encouraged the wife to be patient .
The elders also gave the couple some practical suggestions on how they could work together to have family worship with their two children .
Later the elders commended the husband for his efforts .
They encouraged him to persevere and to rely on holy spirit to help him become a good spiritual head .
Their loving interest and support have helped this family to let their light shine .
What can you expect as you let your light shine ?
“ Happy is everyone who fears Jehovah , who walks in His ways , ” sang the psalmist .
When you let your light shine ​ — by inviting others to serve God , by conducting yourself in a way that promotes unity , and by maintaining a watchful attitude — ​ you will find increased happiness .
Others will see your fine works , and many will be moved to give glory to our Father . ​ — Matt .
5 : 16 .
LIFE STORY
As told by Edward Bazely
On the west bank of the Indus River , in what is now Pakistan , is the ancient city of Sukkur . That is where I entered the world on November 9 , 1929 .
About that time , my parents obtained a set of brightly colored books from an English missionary .
Those Bible - based books had a role in shaping my life as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
THOSE books were called the rainbow set .
When I was able to examine them , I found vivid illustrations that fired my imagination .
As a result , from an early age , I developed a hunger for Bible knowledge , such as was presented in those outstanding volumes .
As World War II threatened to engulf India , my world seemed to fall apart .
My parents separated and then divorced .
I could not understand why two people whom I loved would leave each other .
I felt emotionally numb and abandoned .
I was an only child , and I could not seem to get the comfort and support that I wanted so much .
My mother and I were then living in Karachi , the provincial capital .
One day , Fred Hardaker , an elderly doctor who was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , called at our home .
He was of the same faith as the missionary who had provided those books for my family .
He offered my mother a Bible study .
Mother declined but said that I might be interested .
I started studying with Brother Hardaker the very next week .
A few weeks later , I began attending Christian meetings at Brother Hardaker’s medical clinic .
About 12 elderly Witnesses met there for worship .
They comforted me and cared for me like a son .
I fondly remember how they sat with me , coming down to my eye level , and talked with me as genuine friends , which I so needed at the time .
Soon Brother Hardaker invited me to accompany him in the field ministry .
He taught me to operate a portable phonograph so that we could play records containing short Bible talks .
A few of the talks were quite direct , and some householders did not appreciate the message .
But I got a thrill out of witnessing to others .
I was full of zeal for Bible truth and loved sharing it with others .
As the Japanese army advanced on India , the British authorities put increasing pressure on Jehovah’s Witnesses .
Finally , in July 1943 , that pressure affected me personally .
The school principal , an Anglican clergyman , expelled me for being “ an unsatisfactory character . ”
He told my mother that my association with Jehovah’s Witnesses set a bad example for the other students .
She was horrified and barred me from associating with the Witnesses .
Later , she shipped me off to my father at Peshawar , a town some 850 miles ( 1,370 km ) to the north .
Deprived of spiritual food and association , I became spiritually inactive .
In 1947 , I returned to Karachi in search of work .
While there , I visited Dr . Hardaker’s clinic .
He gave me a warm and hearty welcome .
“ Now , what seems to be troubling you ? ”
he asked , thinking that I had come for medical advice .
“ Doctor , I am not physically ill , ” I answered .
“ I’m spiritually sick .
I need a Bible study . ” “ When would you like to start ? ”
he asked . “ Right now if possible , ” I replied .
We spent a wonderful evening studying the Bible .
I felt as if I had come home spiritually .
My mother tried hard to stop me from associating with the Witnesses , but this time I was determined to make the truth my own .
On August 31 , 1947 , I symbolized my dedication to Jehovah by water baptism .
Soon , at the age of 17 , I started to serve as a regular pioneer .
My first pioneer assignment was Quetta , a former British military outpost .
In 1947 , the country was partitioned into India and Pakistan .
* This event triggered widespread religious violence among the people , resulting in one of the largest mass migrations in history .
Some 14 million refugees were displaced .
Muslims in India went to Pakistan , while Hindus and Sikhs in Pakistan relocated to India .
Amid that chaos , I boarded an overcrowded train in Karachi and clung precariously to an outside handrail most of the way to Quetta .
I attended a circuit assembly in India in 1948
In Quetta , I met George Singh , a special pioneer in his mid - 20 ’ s .
George gave me an old bicycle that I could ride ( or push ) around the hilly territory .
Most of the time , I preached by myself .
Within six months , I had 17 Bible studies , and some of the students came into the truth .

One of them , an army officer named Sadiq Masih , helped George and me to translate some Bible literature into Urdu , the national language of Pakistan .
In time , Sadiq became a zealous publisher of the good news .
Heading to Gilead School aboard the Queen Elizabeth

Later , I returned to Karachi and served with Henry Finch and Harry Forrest , newly arrived missionaries from Gilead School .
What valuable theocratic training they gave me !
Once I accompanied Brother Finch on a preaching trip to northern Pakistan .
At the foot of lofty mountain ranges , we found many humble Urdu - speaking villagers who thirsted for Bible truth .
Two years later , I myself was able to attend Gilead School ; I returned to Pakistan as a part - time circuit overseer .
I was based at a missionary home in Lahore , along with three other missionary brothers .
Sadly , in 1954 , the missionaries at Lahore had a clash of personalities , causing the branch office to make reassignments .
Because I had unwisely taken sides in the dispute , I received strong counsel .
I felt crushed , concluding that I was a spiritual failure .
I moved back to Karachi and then to London , England , hoping to make a fresh spiritual start .
In London , my congregation included many members of the London Bethel family .
Pryce Hughes , the kindly branch servant , took me under his wing .
One day , he told me of an occasion when he received firm counsel from Joseph F .
Rutherford , who was overseeing the worldwide preaching work .
When Brother Hughes tried to justify himself , Brother Rutherford sternly rebuked him .
I was surprised to see Brother Hughes smile at the memory .
He said that the incident upset him at first .
But later he realized that he needed the firm counsel and that it was an expression of Jehovah’s love .
His comments touched my heart and helped me regain my spiritual balance .
About that time , my mother moved to London and accepted a Bible study from John E .
Barr , who later served on the Governing Body .
She made steady spiritual progress and was baptized in 1957 .
Later I learned that before my father died , he too studied with Jehovah’s Witnesses .
In 1958 , I married Lene , a Danish sister who had settled in London .
The next year , we were blessed with a daughter , Jane , the first of our five children .
I also received privileges of service in the Fulham Congregation .
In time , however , Lene’s poor health required that we move to a warmer climate .
So in 1967 , we migrated to Adelaide , Australia .
Our congregation in Adelaide included 12 older anointed Christians .
They took a zealous lead in the preaching work .
We quickly settled into a good spiritual routine .
In 1979 , Lene and I welcomed the arrival of our fifth child , Daniel .
He was severely affected with Down syndrome * and was not expected to live long .
Even now I struggle to describe the anguish that we felt .
We threw ourselves into caring for his needs , while not neglecting our four other children .
Daniel sometimes turned blue from lack of oxygen caused by two holes in his heart , and we had to rush him to the hospital .
But despite his poor health , he was very intelligent and had a loving nature .
He was also very spiritually inclined .
When our family prayed before meals , he would clasp his tiny hands , nod his head , and say a hearty “ Amen ! ”
Only then would he eat his meal .
When Daniel was four , he developed acute leukemia . Lene and I were physically and emotionally exhausted .
I felt that I was close to a nervous breakdown .
Yet , when we were at our lowest ebb , our circuit overseer , Neville Bromwich , arrived at our door .
That night , with tears in his eyes , he wrapped his arms around us .
We all wept . His loving and compassionate words comforted us beyond measure .
He left about one o’clock the next morning .
Soon afterward Daniel died .
Losing him was the most traumatic event in our lives .
Nevertheless , we endured our grief , confident that nothing ​ — not even death — ​ can separate Daniel from Jehovah’s love .
How we long to be with him when he is resurrected in God’s new world ! ​ — John 5 : 28 , 29 .
Today , after surviving two major strokes , I still serve as a congregation elder .
My experiences have instilled in me empathy and compassion for others , especially those struggling with problems .
I try not to judge them .
Instead , I ask myself : ‘ How has their background shaped their emotions and thinking ?
How can I show them that I care ?
How can I encourage them to follow Jehovah’s ways ? ’
I truly love doing shepherding work in the congregation !
Indeed , when I comfort and refresh others spiritually , I sense that I am comforting and refreshing myself .
I continue to find satisfaction in making shepherding visits
I feel like the psalmist who declared : “ When anxieties overwhelmed me , [ Jehovah ] comforted and soothed me . ”
He has sustained me through family difficulties , religious opposition , personal disappointments , and depression .
Truly , Jehovah has been a real Father to me !
At first , Pakistan was composed of West Pakistan ( now Pakistan ) and East Pakistan ( now Bangladesh ) .
See the article “ Raising a Child With Down Syndrome ​ — The Challenge and the Reward ” in Awake !
of June 2011 .
Have you carefully read the recent issues of The Watchtower ?
Well , see if you can answer the following questions :
What are four things we can do to improve our singing ?
We can use good posture by holding our songbook up high .
We should breathe properly .
When we open our mouth wide and sing out , we are able to sing louder . ​ — w17.11 , p . 5 .
What should impress us about the locations and roads connected to the cities of refuge in Israel ?
There were six cities of refuge distributed in the land , with good roads leading to them .
A man could thus find refuge relatively quickly and conveniently . ​ — w17.11 , p .
14 .
Why is God’s gift of the ransom through Jesus the best gift we could receive ?
It satisfies our desire to keep living , and it fills our need to be freed from sin and death .
Having warm feelings toward Adam’s offspring , God provided Jesus for us while we were yet sinners . ​ — wp17.6 , pp . 6 - 7 .
How did Psalm 118 : 22 point to Jesus ’ resurrection ?
Jesus was rejected as the Messiah and killed .
In order for him to become “ the chief cornerstone , ” he had to be resurrected . ​ — w17.12 , pp . 9 - 10 .
Was the line to the Messiah tied to the right of firstborn ?
At times the line of descent to Jesus was through the firstborn son , but not always .
David was not Jesse’s firstborn son ; yet , the Messiah descended from David . ​ — w17.12 , pp .
14 - 15 .
What are some medical principles found in the Bible ?
Under the Law , those with certain diseases were to be kept isolated .
People had to wash after touching a dead body .
The Law required proper disposal of human waste .
Circumcision was to be done on the eighth day of life , which was ideal with regard to the blood’s ability to clot . ​ — wp18.1 , p . 7 .
Why is a measure of self - love fitting for a Christian ?
We are to love our neighbor as ourselves .
Husbands are to “ love their wives as their own bodies . ”
Of course , self - love can become distorted . ​ — w18.01 , p .
23 .
What are some steps we can take to progress spiritually ?
We need to study God’s Word and meditate on it and then apply what we learn .
We must also keep our mind and heart open to the influence of holy spirit and gratefully accept help from others . ​ — w18.02 , p .
26 .
Why are astrology and fortune - telling not keys to knowing the future ?
There are various reasons , but the prime reason is that the Bible condemns both practices . ​ — wp18.2 , pp . 4 - 5 .
How should we view accepting an invitation to a meal ?
If we have accepted an invitation , we should try to be true to our word .
We should not cancel frivolously . The host likely has worked hard to prepare the meal . ​ — w18.03 , p . 18 .
Appointed men can learn what lessons from Timothy ?
Timothy truly cared for people and put spiritual interests first . He worked hard in sacred service and applied the lessons he learned .
He kept training himself and relied on Jehovah’s spirit .
Both elders and others can imitate his example . ​ — w18.04 , pp .
13 - 14 .
3 They Offered Themselves Willingly ​ — In Myanmar
7 Whose Recognition Do You Seek ?
Many today are concerned with seeking recognition from this wicked world .
This article will discuss why we should maintain our focus on gaining the greatest form of recognition ​ — the recognition granted by Jehovah to his faithful servants .
We will also discuss how Jehovah shows this recognition , sometimes in very unexpected ways .
12 Where Are Your Eyes Looking ?
In this article , we will analyze why the faithful man Moses lost out on the privilege of entering the Promised Land .
We will also be helped to see how we can avoid falling into the trap that ensnared Moses .
17 “ Who Is on Jehovah’s Side ? ”
22 We Belong to Jehovah
Jehovah can rightfully claim ownership of all humans . Thus , he requires our exclusive devotion .
Some individuals , though , pursue a course of disobedience while pretending to be faithful to God .
In the first article , we will draw vital lessons from the Bible accounts of Cain , Solomon , Moses , and Aaron .
In the second article , we will consider various ways that we can show appreciation for the privilege of belonging to Jehovah as his people .
27 Cultivate Compassion for “ All Sorts of People ”
30 How to Make Your Study of the Bible More Effective and Enjoyable
32 Questions From Readers
“ THE harvest is great , but the workers are few . Therefore , beg the Master of the harvest to send out workers into his harvest . ”
These words spoken by Jesus some 2,000 years ago well describe the situation in Myanmar today .
Why ?
In Myanmar , only some 4,200 publishers are spreading the good news among 55 million people .
However , “ the Master of the harvest , ” Jehovah , has touched the hearts of hundreds of brothers and sisters from different lands , and they have come to this country in Southeast Asia to assist in the spiritual harvest work .
What caused them to leave their homeland ?
How were they helped to make the move ?
And what blessings are they enjoying ?
Let us find out .
Some years ago , Kazuhiro , a pioneer in Japan , had an epileptic seizure , lost consciousness , and was taken to a hospital .
The doctor told him not to drive for two years .
Kazuhiro was shocked .
‘ How can I keep on doing what I love ​ — pioneering ? ’ he asked himself .
He prayed fervently , begging Jehovah to open the way for him to continue serving as a pioneer .
Kazuhiro and Mari
Kazuhiro relates : “ A month later , my friend who was serving in Myanmar heard of my plight .
He called me and said : ‘ In Myanmar the basic transportation is the bus .
If you come here , you can continue your field service without the need of a car ! ’
I asked my doctor if my condition would allow me to go to Myanmar .
To my surprise , the doctor said : ‘ A brain specialist from Myanmar is visiting Japan right now .
I will introduce you to him .
If you ever again have a seizure , he can take care of you . ’
I took the doctor’s reply as an answer from Jehovah . ”
Immediately , Kazuhiro sent an e - mail to the Myanmar branch office and expressed his and his wife’s desire to serve in that land as pioneers .
Just five days later , the branch responded , “ Come , we need more pioneers ! ”
Kazuhiro and his wife , Mari , sold their cars , obtained their visas , and bought plane tickets .
Today , they happily serve with the sign - language group in Mandalay .
Kazuhiro says : “ Through this experience , we feel that our faith in God’s promise found at Psalm 37 : 5 has been strengthened : ‘ Commit your way to Jehovah ; rely on him , and he will act in your behalf . ’ ”
In 2014 , Jehovah’s Witnesses in Myanmar had the privilege of hosting a special convention .
A number of foreign delegates attended the event .
One of them , Monique , a sister in her mid - 30 ’ s from the United States , says : “ After returning from the convention , I prayed to Jehovah about the next step I needed to take in my life .
Also , I talked with my parents about my spiritual goals .
We all felt that I should return to Myanmar , but it took some time and many prayers before I reached my final decision . ”
Monique explains why .
Monique and Li
“ Jesus encouraged his followers to ‘ calculate the expense . ’
So I asked myself : ‘ Can I afford to make this move ?
Will I be able to support myself in that country without spending more time on secular work ? ’ ”
She admits : “ I quickly realized that I didn’t have enough money to move to the other side of the world . ”
So , then , how was she able to move ? ​ — Luke 14 : 28 .
Monique relates : “ One day my employer asked to see me .
I was nervous , thinking that I would be laid off .
But , instead , my employer thanked me for my good work .
Then she told me that she had arranged for me to receive a bonus , which turned out to be the exact amount of money that I needed to free myself of my financial obligations ! ”
Monique has been serving in Myanmar since December 2014 .
How does she feel about her ministry as a need - greater ?
“ I am so happy to be here , ” she says .
“ I am conducting three Bible studies .
One of my students is 67 years old .
She always greets me with a smile and a big hug .
When she learned that God’s name is Jehovah , she was moved to tears .
She said : ‘ This is the first time in my life that I have heard that God’s name is Jehovah .
You are a whole lifetime younger than I am , but you have taught me the most important thing I could ever learn . ’
Needless to say , I too was in tears .
Experiences such as this one make serving where the need is greater a very satisfying life . ”
Recently , Monique had the privilege of attending the School for Kingdom Evangelizers .
Another incentive for some to come to Myanmar was the 2013 Yearbook of Jehovah’s Witnesses account about this country .
A sister in her early 30 ’ s named Li already lived in Southeast Asia .

She had a full - time job , but the Yearbook account prompted her to consider serving in Myanmar .
“ In 2014 when I attended the special convention in Yangon , I met a married couple serving as need - greaters in the Chinese field in Myanmar .
Since I speak Chinese , I decided to move to Myanmar to support the Chinese group there .
I teamed up with Monique , and we moved to Mandalay .
Jehovah blessed us with finding part - time teaching jobs at the same school , and we found an apartment nearby .
Despite the hot weather and some inconveniences , I enjoy my service here .

People in Myanmar live a simple life , but they are polite and willing to take the time to listen to the good news .
It is very exciting to see how Jehovah is speeding up the work .
I firmly believe that it is Jehovah’s will for me to be right here in Mandalay . ”
A number of need - greaters experienced the power of prayer .
Take Jumpei and his wife , Nao , both in their mid - 30 ’ s .
They were already serving in a sign - language congregation in Japan .
Why did they move to Myanmar ?
Jumpei relates : “ My wife and I always had the goal of serving as need - greaters in a foreign country .
A brother from our sign - language congregation in Japan moved to Myanmar .
Though we had only a small amount of money saved , in May 2010 we too moved .
The brothers and sisters in Myanmar gave us a warm welcome ! ”
How does he feel about the sign - language field in Myanmar ?
“ The interest is great .
When we show the sign - language videos , the deaf householders are amazed .
We are so glad that we made the decision to come to serve Jehovah here ! ”
Nao and Jumpei
How have Jumpei and Nao coped financially ?
“ After three years , we had used up most of our savings and did not have enough money to pay the rent for the next year .
My wife and I said many earnest prayers .
Unexpectedly , we received a letter from the branch office inviting us to take up temporary special pioneer service !
We trusted in Jehovah , and we experienced that he did not abandon us .
He has been caring for us in every way . ”
Recently , Jumpei and Nao also attended the School for Kingdom Evangelizers .
What prompted Simone , a brother in his mid - 40 ’ s , originally from Italy , and his wife , Anna , a sister in her late 30 ’ s , originally from New Zealand , to move to Myanmar ?
“ It was the 2013 Yearbook account on Myanmar ! ” answers Anna .
Simone says : “ It is a great privilege to be in Myanmar .
Life here is so much simpler , and I can give more time to Jehovah’s work .
It is thrilling to experience the care that Jehovah gives us when we serve in an area of greater need . ”
Anna says : “ I am happier than I have ever been .
We have a simple life .
I spend more time with my husband , and we have become closer .
We have also found precious new friends .
People are not prejudiced toward the Witnesses , and the interest in the field is amazing ! ”
In what ways ?
Simone and Anna
Anna relates : “ One day , I witnessed to a university student at the market and arranged to meet her again .
When I did , she had brought a friend with her .
The next time , she brought a few more .
Later , she brought even more people .
Now I am studying with five of them . ”
Simone says : “ People in the field are friendly and curious .
Many are interested .
We simply don’t have enough time to take care of all the interest . ”
Sachio and Mizuho
But what about the practical steps involved in making the decision to move to Myanmar ?
Mizuho , from Japan , relates : “ My husband , Sachio , and I always wanted to serve in a country where the need was greater ​ — but where ?
After reading the 2013 Yearbook account about Myanmar , we were so touched by the heartwarming experiences that we began to consider if serving in Myanmar would be possible for us . ”

Adds Sachio : “ We decided to make a one - week tour of Yangon , the main city in Myanmar , to spy out the land , so to speak .
That short fact - finding trip convinced us that we should move here . ”

Jane , Danica , Rodney , and Jordan

Rodney and his wife , Jane , from Australia , both in their 50 ’ s , and their son , Jordan , and daughter , Danica , have been serving as need - greaters in Myanmar since 2010 .
Rodney says : “ We were deeply moved by the spiritual hunger of the people .
I would absolutely recommend to other families that they try to serve in a place like Myanmar . ”
Why ?
“ What this has done for our family spiritually is priceless !
Many young ones are preoccupied with their phones , cars , jobs , and so on . Our children are busy learning new words to use in the ministry .
They try to learn how to reason with those who are not familiar with the Bible and how to give an answer during the meetings of the local congregation , and they are absorbed in many other exciting spiritual activities . ”
Oliver and Anna
Oliver , a brother in his late 30 ’ s from the United States , explains why he recommends this type of service : “ Serving Jehovah outside my comfort zone has had many benefits .
Moving away from home helped me to build my confidence and trust in Jehovah no matter what circumstances I find myself in .
Serving with those whom I had not known before but who have the same beliefs that I do has really helped me to see that there is simply nothing in this world that compares in importance to God’s Kingdom . ”
Today , Oliver and his wife , Anna , continue to serve zealously in the Chinese - language field .
Trazel
Trazel , a sister in her early 50 ’ s from Australia , has been serving in Myanmar since 2004 .
She says : “ To those whose circumstances allow , I highly recommend serving where the need is greater .
I have experienced that if you have the will to serve , Jehovah blesses your efforts .
I never dreamed I would be living like this .
It is the most rewarding and satisfying life I could ever wish for . ”
May these heartfelt words of need - greaters in Myanmar encourage you to consider helping honesthearted people in untouched territories .
Yes , the need - greaters are calling out , “ Please , step over into Myanmar and help us ! ”
“ God is not unrighteous so as to forget your work and the love you showed for his name . ” ​ — HEB .
6 : 10 .
SONGS : 39 , 30
What is the greatest form of recognition ?
What should we remember about the recognition Jehovah grants ?
How did Jehovah show recognition to both Mary and Jesus ?
What natural desire do we all have , and what does it include ?
HOW do you feel when someone you know and respect forgets your name or , worse still , does not even recognize you ?
Such an experience can be very discouraging .
Why ?
It is because each one of us has a natural desire to be accepted .
The type of recognition we desire goes beyond being identified by others ; we also want some acknowledgment of who we are and what we have accomplished . ​ — Num . 11 : 16 ; ftn . ; Job 31 : 6 .
2 , 3 .
How can the desire to be appreciated become distorted ?
( See opening picture . )
Like many other natural desires , though , our desire to be appreciated can become unbalanced , distorted by our imperfections .
It can make us crave inappropriate expressions of recognition .
Satan’s world fuels a desire for fame and acknowledgment that distracts attention from the one who truly deserves to be recognized and worshipped , our heavenly Father , Jehovah God . ​ — Rev .
4 : 11 .
In Jesus ’ day , some religious leaders had the wrong view of recognition .
Jesus warned his followers : “ Beware of the scribes who like to walk around in robes and who love greetings in the marketplaces and front [ “ best , ” ftn . ] seats in the synagogues and the most prominent places at evening meals . ”
He went on to say : “ These will receive a more severe judgment . ”
By contrast , Jesus commended a poor widow whose small contribution was likely not recognized by others .
Jesus ’ view of recognition was obviously very different from that of others .
This article will help us maintain the right view , the one that Jehovah God accepts .
What is the greatest form of recognition , and why ?
What , then , is the greatest form of recognition that we can strive for ?
It is not the kind of attention that people seek in the academic , business , and entertainment fields of this world .
Rather , it is the kind that Paul described for us in these words : “ Now that you have come to know God or , rather , have come to be known by God , how is it that you are turning back again to the weak and beggarly elementary things and want to slave for them over again ? ”
What a wonderful privilege it is to “ come to be known by God , ” the Supreme Ruler of the universe !

He is willing to have an intimate relationship with us .
As one scholar stated , we “ become objects of his favourable attention . ”
When Jehovah acknowledges us as his friends , we achieve the very reason for our existence . ​ — Eccl .
12 : 13 , 14 .
How do we put ourselves in a position to be known by God ?
Moses experienced such a blessing .
When he pleaded with Jehovah to allow him to come to know His ways more fully , Jehovah replied : “ I will also do this thing that you request , because you have found favor in my eyes and I know you by name . ”
We likewise can receive wonderful blessings when Jehovah comes to know us personally .
But how can we put ourselves in a position to be known by Jehovah ?
We do that when we come to love him and dedicate our life to him . ​ — Read 1 Corinthians 8 : 3 .
6 , 7 .
What could cause us to lose our relationship with Jehovah ?
However , we need to maintain our treasured relationship with our heavenly Father .

Like the Galatian Christians to whom Paul wrote , we too need to avoid slaving for “ the weak and beggarly elementary things ” of this world , including seeking its acclaim .
Those first - century Christians had progressed to the point of being known by God .
However , Paul said that the very same brothers were “ turning back again ” to empty things .
Paul was , in effect , saying : “ After you have come so far , why would you return to the foolish , valueless things you left behind ? ”
Could we find ourselves in a similar position today ?
Yes , we could .
When we first came to know Jehovah , we , like Paul , may have given up prominence in Satan’s world .
( Read Philippians 3 : 7 , 8 . )
Perhaps we gave up opportunities to receive higher education , or we may have turned down promotions or the possibility for making more money in the business world .
Our musical talents or athletic abilities could have potentially led us to fame and wealth , but we turned our backs on all of that .
How unwise it would be for us now to view such good decisions as ‘ missed opportunities ’ !
Such thinking might lead us to seek out what we already determined were among “ the weak and beggarly ” elements of this world .
*
What will strengthen our resolve to seek Jehovah’s recognition ?
How can we strengthen our resolve to seek Jehovah’s recognition and not that of the world ?
To do so , we need to remember two important facts .
First , Jehovah always gives recognition to those who serve him faithfully .
( Read Hebrews 6 : 10 ; 11 : 6 ) He deeply appreciates every one of his servants , and he views it as “ unrighteous ” to ignore those who are faithful to him .
Jehovah always “ knows those who belong to him . ”
He is “ aware of the way of the righteous ” and knows how to rescue them out of trial . ​ — Ps .
1 : 6 ; 2 Pet .
2 : 9 . Give examples of how Jehovah has shown his approval of his people .
At times , Jehovah has shown his approval of his people in outstanding ways .
Take , for example , the way Jehovah saved his people at the Red Sea when they were being pursued by Pharaoh’s mighty army .

This event was so spectacular that people in that part of the world were still speaking about it 40 years later .
How encouraging it is for us to remember such displays of Jehovah’s love and power as we face the long - foretold attack by Gog of Magog !
At that time , we will be especially grateful that we sought the recognition of our God and not that of the world .
What aspect of Jehovah’s recognition must we keep in mind ?
We also need to keep in mind a second important fact : Jehovah may give us recognition in ways we may never expect .
Those who do good deeds purely to be seen by men are told that they will have no reward at all from Jehovah . Why ?
Their reward has already been paid in full when they receive praise from others .
( Read Matthew 6 : 1 - 5 . )
However , Jesus said that his Father “ looks on in secret ” at those who do not receive due credit for the good they do to others . He notices those acts and repays each person accordingly .
However , at times Jehovah rewards us in unexpected ways .
Let us consider some examples .
How did Jehovah show recognition to the young woman Mary ?
When it came time for God’s Son to be born as a human , Jehovah selected a humble virgin girl , Mary , to be the mother of this special child .
Mary lived in the insignificant city of Nazareth , far from Jerusalem and its magnificent temple .
( Read Luke 1 : 26 - 33 . )
Why was Mary chosen for this privilege ?
She was told by the angel Gabriel that she had “ found favor with God . ”
Mary revealed her deep spirituality when she later spoke to her relative Elizabeth .
Yes , Jehovah had been observing Mary , and he granted her this unexpected privilege because of her faithfulness .
12 , 13 .
In what way was due recognition given at the time of Jesus ’ birth and when he was taken to the temple 40 days later ?
When Mary eventually gave birth to Jesus , Jehovah did not honor any of the prominent officials or rulers in Jerusalem and Bethlehem by letting them know what had happened .
Angels appeared to lowly shepherds who were caring for sheep in the fields outside Bethlehem .
These shepherds then visited the newborn baby .
How pleasantly surprised Mary and Joseph must have been to see Jesus honored in such a manner !
Consider the contrast between Jehovah’s way of doing things and that of the Devil .
When Satan sent astrologers to visit Jesus and his parents , all of Jerusalem became agitated at the news of Jesus ’ birth .
This very public announcement of Jesus ’ birth ultimately resulted in the death of many innocent children . ​ — Matt .
2 : 16 .
Forty days after Jesus ’ birth , Mary was required to present an offering to Jehovah at the temple in Jerusalem , about six miles ( 9 km ) from Bethlehem .
As Mary traveled with Joseph and Jesus , she may have wondered if the officiating priest would make some special acknowledgment of Jesus ’ future role .
Recognition did come , but not in the way Mary may have expected .
Instead , Jehovah used a “ righteous and devout ” man named Simeon , along with an 84 - year - old widow , the prophetess Anna , to acknowledge that this child would become the promised Messiah , or Christ . ​ — Luke 2 : 25 - 38 .
What blessings did Mary receive from Jehovah ?
What about Mary ?
Did Jehovah continue to show her due recognition for faithfully caring for and raising his Son ?
Yes , he did .
God had her actions and words recorded in the Bible .
Apparently , Mary was not in a position to travel with Jesus during the three and a half years of his ministry .
Perhaps as a widow , Mary had to stay in Nazareth .
But even though she missed out on many privileges , she was able to be with Jesus at the time of his death .
Later , though , Mary was in Jerusalem along with the disciples during the days leading up to Pentecost when holy spirit was poured out .
She was likely anointed along with the others present .
If so , this would mean that she was given the opportunity to be in heaven with Jesus for all eternity .
What a beautiful reward for her faithful service !
While Jesus was on earth , how did Jehovah show his approval of his Son ?
Jesus did not crave to be honored by the religious or political leaders of his day .
But how encouraged he must have been when Jehovah acknowledged him on three separate occasions by speaking directly from heaven .
Just after Jesus ’ baptism in the Jordan River , Jehovah said : “ This is my Son , the beloved , whom I have approved . ”
Evidently , John the Baptist was the only other person who heard those words .
Then , about a year before Jesus ’ death , three of his apostles heard Jehovah say about Jesus : “ This is my Son , the beloved , whom I have approved .
Listen to him . ”
Finally , just a few days before Jesus ’ death , Jehovah again spoke to his Son from heaven . ​ — John 12 : 28 .
What do you learn from the way Jehovah showed his Son due recognition ?
( See paragraphs 15 - 17 )
16 , 17 .
How did Jehovah honor Jesus in an unexpected manner ?
Even though Jesus knew that he would experience a shameful death , falsely branded as a blasphemer , he prayed that Jehovah’s will be done and not his .
“ He endured a torture stake , despising shame , ” not seeking recognition from the world , but only from his Father .
How did Jehovah show that recognition ?
While on earth , Jesus expressed his desire to return to the glory he once had in heaven with his Father .
Nothing indicates that Jesus was hoping for more than that .
He was not expecting some sort of heavenly “ upgrade . ”
But what did Jehovah do ?
He honored Jesus in an unexpected way by resurrecting him to “ a superior position ” and giving him what no one else had received up until that time ​ — immortal spirit life !
* What an outstanding acknowledgment of Jesus ’ faithful course !
What will help us to avoid seeking approval from this world ?
What will help us to avoid seeking approval from this world ?
Keep close in mind that Jehovah always gives recognition to his faithful servants and that he often rewards them in unexpected ways .
Who knows what unexpected blessings await us in the future ?
But for now , as we endure the hardships and trials of this wicked world , let us always remember that this world , along with any recognition it may offer , is passing away .
Our loving Father , Jehovah , ‘ is not unrighteous so as to forget our work and the love we show for his name . ’
Yes , he will show us favor ​ — perhaps even in ways we cannot imagine now !
In other Bible translations , the word for “ beggarly ” is rendered “ useless , ” “ bankrupt , ” “ destitute , ” and “ miserable . ”
This may have been an unexpected blessing , since immortality is not mentioned in the Hebrew Scriptures .
“ To you I raise my eyes , you who are enthroned in the heavens . ” ​ — PS .
123 : 1 .
SONGS : 143 , 124
In what sense should our eyes look to Jehovah ?
Why did Moses lose his privilege of entering the Promised Land ?
What lessons do we learn from what happened to Moses ?
1 , 2 .
What is involved in fixing our eyes on Jehovah ?
WE ARE living in “ critical times ” that are “ hard to deal with , ” and life is going to become even more difficult before a new day dawns and true peace is restored to this earth .
So we do well to ask ourselves , ‘ Where am I looking for help and direction ? ’
Our immediate answer may be , “ To Jehovah , ” and that is the best response .
What is involved in looking to Jehovah ?
And how can we make sure that our eyes remain fixed on him as we face life’s complex challenges ?
Centuries ago , a psalmist acknowledged the need for us to raise our eyes to Jehovah for help in times of need .
( Read Psalm 123 : 1 - 4 . )
He compared our looking to Jehovah with the way a servant looks to his master .
What did the psalmist mean by that ?
Well , not only does a servant look to his master for food and protection but the servant needs constantly to watch his master to discern his wishes and then to carry them out .
In a similar way , we daily need to search God’s Word to ascertain what Jehovah’s will is for us personally and then to follow that direction .
Only then can we be sure that Jehovah will show us favor in our time of need . ​ — Eph .
5 : 17 .
What can distract us from keeping our eyes fixed on Jehovah ?
Although we know the importance of continually looking to Jehovah , we may at times become distracted .
That is exactly what happened to Jesus ’ close friend Martha .
She became “ distracted with attending to many duties . ”
If that could happen to such a faithful person when Jesus was physically with her , we should not be surprised if the same thing could happen to us .
What , then , can distract us from keeping our eyes fixed on Jehovah ?
In this article , we will examine how the actions of others could distract us .
We will also learn how to remain focused on Jehovah .
Why might we be surprised that Moses lost the privilege of entering the Promised Land ?
Moses certainly looked to Jehovah for direction and guidance .
Indeed , “ he continued steadfast as seeing the One who is invisible . ”
( Read Hebrews 11 : 24 - 27 . )
The Bible record tells us that “ there has never again arisen a prophet in Israel like Moses , whom Jehovah knew face - to - face . ”
But even though Moses had such a close relationship with Jehovah , he still lost the privilege of entering the Promised Land .
What caused Moses to stumble ?
5 - 7 .
What problem arose shortly after the Israelites left Egypt , and how did Moses handle the situation ?
Less than two months after the Israelites left Egypt , a serious problem arose ​ — even before they arrived at Mount Sinai .
The people started to complain about a lack of water .
They began to murmur against Moses , and the situation became so serious that Moses cried out to Jehovah : “ What should I do with this people ?
A little longer and they will stone me ! ”
Jehovah responded by giving Moses clear instructions .
He was to take his rod and strike the rock in Horeb , and then water would come gushing out .
We read : “ Moses did so before the eyes of the elders of Israel . ”
The Israelites drank their fill , and the problem was solved . ​ — Ex .
17 : 5 , 6 .
The inspired record goes on to tell us that Moses “ named the place Massah and Meribah because of the quarreling of the Israelites and because they put Jehovah to the test by saying : ‘ Is Jehovah in our midst or not ? ’ ”
Those names were appropriate because they mean “ Testing ” and “ Quarreling . ”
How did Jehovah feel about what happened there at Meribah ?
He viewed the actions of the Israelites as a challenge to his Godship , not just a rebellion against Moses .
( Read Psalm 95 : 8 , 9 . )
The Israelites were clearly in the wrong .
On that occasion , Moses reacted correctly by looking to Jehovah and then carefully following his direction .
What problem arose toward the end of the 40 - year journey through the wilderness ?
What happened , though , when a similar event occurred some 40 years later , toward the end of the journey through the wilderness ?
The Israelites again found themselves in a location that came to be called Meribah .
But this was a different site , one near Kadesh , close to the border of the Promised Land .
* The Israelites once again complained about the lack of water .
But on this occasion , things turned out differently for Moses .
What instructions did Moses receive , but what did he do ?
( See opening picture . )
How did Moses react to this rebellion ?
Once again he turned his eyes to Jehovah for direction .
But this time Jehovah did not tell him to strike the rock .
Moses was told to take his rod , gather the people before the crag , and then speak to the crag .
Moses did not , however , speak to that rock , or crag .
Rather , he vented his frustration by shouting out to those gathered there : “ Hear , now , you rebels ! Must we bring out water for you from this crag ? ”
He then struck the crag not just once but twice . ​ — Num . 20 : 10 , 11 .
How did Jehovah react to Moses ’ actions ?
Jehovah became angry , even furious , with Moses .
Why did Jehovah react in that way ?
A number of factors may have been involved .
As mentioned above , Jehovah may have been indignant because Moses failed to follow the new directions he had received .
How might Moses ’ action of striking the rock have detracted from the miracle Jehovah performed ?
There is another possibility .
Rock formations around the location of the first Meribah are solid granite .
Regardless of how hard someone strikes granite , no one expects water to flow from it .
However , cliff formations around the second Meribah are very different , usually consisting of softer limestone .
Because of the porous nature of limestone , such areas often have underground reservoirs of water that can be tapped as a water supply .
Could it be that when Moses struck such porous rock twice , he opened himself up to the accusation that the resulting flow of water was due to natural causes rather than to Jehovah ?
By striking the rock instead of speaking to it , was Moses , as it were , taking some of the miracle out of the miracle ?
* We cannot be certain .
For what other reason might Jehovah have been angry with Moses and Aaron ?
There is another plausible explanation for Jehovah’s anger with Moses as well as Aaron .
Notice what Moses said to the people : “ Must we bring out water for you from this crag ? ”
By using the word “ we , ” Moses was likely referring to himself and Aaron .
Those words indicated a gross lack of respect for Jehovah as the true Source of that miracle .
This possibility seems to be confirmed by what we read at Psalm 106 : 32 , 33 : “ They provoked Him at the waters of Meribah , and it went badly for Moses because of them .
They embittered his spirit , and he spoke rashly with his lips . ”
* Whatever the case , Moses ’ actions detracted from the honor due Jehovah .
Speaking to Moses and Aaron , Jehovah said : “ You both rebelled against my order . ”
A serious sin indeed !
Why was the judgment Jehovah made concerning Moses both appropriate and consistent ?
As leaders among Jehovah’s people , Moses and Aaron had a greater measure of accountability .
Previously , Jehovah had denied a whole generation of Israelites entrance into the land of Canaan because of their rebelliousness .
So it was both appropriate and consistent for Jehovah to make the same judgment with regard to Moses because of his rebellious act .
Just like the other rebels , he was not allowed to enter the Promised Land .
14 , 15 .
What caused Moses to rebel ?
What led Moses to adopt such a rebellious attitude ?
Notice Psalm 106 : 32 , 33 once again : “ They provoked Him at the waters of Meribah , and it went badly for Moses because of them .
They embittered his spirit , and he spoke rashly with his lips . ”
Although the Israelites provoked Jehovah , it was Moses who became embittered .
His lack of self - control led him to speak without considering the consequences .
Moses allowed the actions of others to distract him from keeping his eyes fixed on Jehovah .
Moses handled the first incident correctly .
Yet , it is possible that after dealing for decades with the rebellious Israelites , he had become tired and frustrated .
Was Moses thinking mainly of his own feelings instead of how he could glorify Jehovah ?
Why should we be concerned about Moses ’ actions ?
If such a faithful prophet as Moses could be distracted and stumbled , the same thing could easily happen to us .
Like Moses , we are about to enter a symbolic land , the new world that Jehovah has promised us .
None of us want to miss out on that special privilege .
To fulfill our goal , though , we need to keep our eyes fixed on Jehovah , always seeking to do his will .
What lessons should we learn from Moses ’ mistake ?
What will help us not to give in to frustration ?
Do not give in to frustration .
Even when we find ourselves dealing with the same problems over and over again , “ let us not give up in doing what is fine , for in due time we will reap if we do not tire out . ”
When faced with frustrating situations or recurring personality conflicts , do we control our lips and our temper ?
When provoked by others , we need to learn to “ yield place to the wrath . ”
Whose wrath ?
Jehovah’s wrath .

( Read Romans 12 : 17 - 21 . )

If we keep looking to Jehovah , we will show him due respect by yielding to his wrath , patiently waiting for him to take action when he deems it necessary .
To do otherwise and avenge ourselves in some way would be tantamount to disrespecting Jehovah .
What do we need to remember when it comes to following directions ?
Carefully follow the latest directions .
Do we faithfully follow the latest directions that Jehovah has given us ?
If so , we will not rely on always doing things the way we have done them in the past .
Rather , we will be quick to follow any new direction that Jehovah provides through his organization .
At the same time , we will be careful that we “ do not go beyond the things that are written . ”
In so doing , we keep our eyes fixed on Jehovah .
What lesson should we learn from Moses ’ reaction to the mistakes of others ?
( See paragraph 19 )
How can we avoid damaging our relationship with Jehovah even though we may be dealing with the mistakes of others ?
Do not allow the mistakes of others to damage your relationship with Jehovah .
If we keep our figurative eyes focused on Jehovah , we will not allow the actions of others to embitter us or damage our relationship with him .
This is especially important if , like Moses , we have a measure of responsibility in God’s organization .
While it is true that each of us needs to ‘ keep working out his own salvation with fear and trembling , ’ we must remember that Jehovah does not have one rigid , inflexible standard by which he judges us .
Rather , the more responsibility we have , the greater our accountability .
But if we truly love Jehovah , nothing will stumble us or separate us from his love . ​ — Ps . 119 : 165 ; Rom . 8 : 37 - 39 .
What should be our determination ?
In these challenging times , may our eyes be raised continually to the One who is “ enthroned in the heavens , ” so that we can perceive his will .
May we never allow our relationship with Jehovah to be negatively affected by the actions of others .
The example of what happened to Moses reinforces the importance of this in our mind and heart .
Rather than overreacting to the imperfections of those around us , let it be our determination that “ our eyes look to Jehovah our God until he shows us favor . ” ​ — Ps . 123 : 1 , 2 .
This was a different location from the Meribah that was near Rephidim .
Unlike the first location , this second site was associated with Kadesh , not Massah .
However , both locations were named Meribah because of the quarreling that occurred there . ​ — See the map in Appendix B3 in the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
Professor John A .
Beck says of this account : “ According to one Jewish tradition , the rebels criticize Moses with these words : ‘ Moses knows the properties of this particular rock !
If he wishes to prove his miraculous powers , let him bring out water for us from this other one . ’ ”
This is , of course , only a tradition .
See The Watchtower , October 15 , 1987 , “ Questions From Readers . ”
Yes , if there are no extenuating circumstances , a judicial committee would be formed on the basis of strong circumstantial evidence of sexual immorality . ​ — 1 Cor .
6 : 18 .
The body of elders carefully evaluates each situation to determine whether a judicial committee is warranted .
For example : Have the couple been pursuing a romantic relationship ?
Have they been previously counseled regarding their conduct with each other ?
What circumstances led to their spending the night together ?
Did they plan ahead to do so ?
Did they have a choice in the matter , or were there extenuating circumstances , perhaps an unforeseen occurrence or genuine emergency that left them with no choice but to spend the night together ?
What were the sleeping arrangements ?
Since each situation is different , there may be other relevant factors that the elders will consider .
After the facts are established , the body of elders will determine whether the couple’s conduct warrants judicial action .
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
This reenactment shows the circumstances under which a Bible study is conducted in Bulgarian prisons with interested inmates
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2017 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ Jehovah your God you should fear , him you should serve , to him you should cling . ” ​ — DEUT .
10 : 20 .
SONGS : 28 , 32
While professing to worship Jehovah , how did Cain and Solomon lose Jehovah’s favor ?
How did Moses and Aaron seize opportunities to show that they were on Jehovah’s side ?
How can we fully benefit from Jehovah’s mercy and forgiveness ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) Why is it wise to be on Jehovah’s side ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
IT MAKES sense to cling to Jehovah .
No one is more powerful , wise , or loving than our God !
Who of us would not want to be on his side ?
Still , some of God’s worshippers have wavered when a situation called for them to take sides with Jehovah .
In this article , we will consider examples of individuals who claimed to be on Jehovah’s side while at the same time following a course that offended him .
These accounts contain vital lessons that can help us remain fully loyal to Jehovah .
Why did Jehovah reach out to Cain , and what did He tell him ? Consider the case of Cain .
He did not profess to worship any other god but Jehovah .
Cain’s worship , however , was not acceptable to God .
There were seeds of wickedness growing deep within his heart .
Jehovah reached out to Cain and told him : “ If you turn to doing good , will you not be restored to favor ?
But if you do not turn to doing good , sin is crouching at the door , and its craving is to dominate you ; but will you get the mastery over it ? ”
Jehovah was , in effect , telling Cain , “ If you repent and take a firm stand on my side , I will , in turn , be on your side . ”
Given the opportunity to be on Jehovah’s side , what did Cain do ?
If only Cain would correct his thinking , Jehovah would restore him to favor .
But Cain did not listen to the counsel .
Wrong thinking and selfish desire led him to wrong actions .
In his youth , Cain may never have imagined that he would take a stand against Jehovah .
In time , however , he did the unimaginable ​ — he rebelled against God and killed his own brother !
What kind of thinking could cause us to lose Jehovah’s favor ?
Like Cain , a Christian today could be following the wrong path even while professing to worship Jehovah .
For instance , one could nurture immoral fantasies , greedy thoughts , or hateful feelings toward a fellow Christian .
This thinking can lead to sinful actions .
All the while , one could be active in the ministry and regular at congregation meetings .
Other humans may not be aware of our thoughts and conduct , but Jehovah sees all things and knows if we are not wholeheartedly on his side . ​ — Read Jeremiah 17 : 9 , 10 .
How does Jehovah help us to “ get the mastery over ” sinful inclinations when we take a firm stand on his side ?
Even so , Jehovah is not quick to give up on us .
When a person’s steps lead him away from God , Jehovah urges him : “ Return to me , and I will return to you . ”
Especially when we struggle with weaknesses , Jehovah wants us to take a stand against badness .
If we do , he will in turn prove to be on our side by giving us the spiritual , emotional , and physical strength needed to “ get the mastery over ” our sinful inclinations . ​ — Gen .
4 : 7 .
How did Solomon lose his good standing with Jehovah ?
We can learn much from the example of King Solomon .
During his younger years , Solomon looked to Jehovah for guidance .

God gave him great wisdom and entrusted him with the building of a magnificent temple in Jerusalem .
But Solomon lost his friendship with Jehovah .
God’s Law specifically prohibited a Hebrew king from taking “ many wives for himself , so that his heart [ might ] not go astray . ”
Solomon disobeyed , eventually marrying 700 women .
He brought into his household an additional 300 concubines .
Many of his wives were non - Israelites , who worshipped false gods .
Hence , Solomon also disobeyed God’s law against marrying foreign women . ​ — Deut . 7 : 3 , 4 .
To what extreme did Solomon offend Jehovah ?
Solomon’s gradual departure from Jehovah’s requirements led him in time to extreme wrongdoing .
Solomon built an altar to the idol goddess Ashtoreth and at least one other altar to the false god Chemosh .
There he joined his wives in pagan worship .
He built those altars on , of all places , a mountain located directly in front of Jerusalem , where he had built Jehovah’s temple !
Perhaps Solomon fooled himself into thinking that Jehovah would overlook his disobedience as long as he also continued to offer sacrifices at the temple .
What resulted from Solomon’s disregard for God’s warnings ?
But Jehovah never overlooks wrongdoing .
The Bible reports : “ Jehovah became furious at Solomon , because his heart had inclined away from Jehovah . . . , who had appeared to him twice and had warned him about this very thing , that he should not go after other gods .
But he did not obey what Jehovah had commanded . ”
As a result , God withdrew his approval and support .
Solomon’s heirs lost the unified kingdom of Israel and suffered many calamities for generations to come . ​ — 1 Ki . 11 : 9 - 13 .
What can threaten our good standing with Jehovah ?
As in Solomon’s case , one of the greatest threats to spirituality is friendship with those who do not understand or respect Jehovah’s standards .
Some may be associated with the congregation but may be spiritually weak .
Others could be relatives , neighbors , coworkers , or schoolmates who are not worshippers of Jehovah .
In any case , if our close associates do not show a high regard for Jehovah’s standards , they can in time destroy our good standing with God .
What effect are your associates having on your relationship with Jehovah ?
( See paragraph 11 )
What can help us to determine whether an associate should be avoided ?
Read 1 Corinthians 15 : 33 .
Most people have some good qualities , and many outside the congregation do not engage in blatant misconduct .
If that is true of your acquaintances , can you assume that they are good associations ?
Ask yourself what effect their companionship will have on your relationship with Jehovah .
Will they improve it ?
What is in their heart ?
For example , are their conversations almost exclusively about fashion , money , gadgets , entertainment , or other material pursuits ?
Does their speech often include disparaging comments about others or obscene jesting ?
Jesus aptly warned : “ Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaks . ”
If you realize that your associates pose a threat to your good standing with Jehovah , act decisively by limiting and if necessary ending such friendships . ​ — Prov .
13 : 20 .

( a ) What did Jehovah make clear to the Israelites shortly after they left Egypt ?
( b ) How did the Israelites respond to God’s requirement for exclusive devotion ?
Additional lessons can be learned from what took place shortly after the Israelites were freed from Egypt .
The people gathered in front of Mount Sinai .
There Jehovah made his presence strikingly real .
A miraculous dark cloud formed .
Jehovah produced thunder , lightning , smoke , and what seemed to be the loud and constant sound of a horn .
In this setting , Jehovah revealed himself to the Israelites as “ a God who requires exclusive devotion . ”
He assured them that he would be loyal to those who love him and keep his commandments .
( Read Exodus 20 : 1 - 6 . )
In effect , Jehovah was telling his people , “ If you prove to be on my side , I will prove to be on your side . ”
How would you respond to such a promise of loyalty from Jehovah God ?
You would surely do as the Israelites did .
They “ answered with one voice : ‘ All the words that Jehovah has spoken , we are willing to do . ’ ”
Soon , however , something unexpected put the Israelites ’ loyalty to the test .
What circumstances put the loyalty of the Israelites to the test ?
The Israelites had been frightened by the dark cloud , the lightning , and the other awe - inspiring signs from God .
At their request , Moses agreed to be their spokesperson for all communication with Jehovah on Mount Sinai .
Moses was on the mountaintop for a long time .
Were the Israelites now stranded in the wilderness without their trustworthy leader ?
Apparently , the people’s faith was too dependent on Moses ’ visible presence .
They became anxious and told Aaron : “ Make for us a god who will go ahead of us , because we do not know what has happened to this Moses , the man who led us up out of the land of Egypt . ” ​ — Ex .
32 : 1 , 2 .
What did the Israelites fool themselves into thinking , and what was Jehovah’s reaction ?
The people knew that idolatry was a serious offense against Jehovah .
But soon they were worshipping a golden calf !
Despite this obvious act of disobedience , the Israelites somehow fooled themselves into thinking that they were still on Jehovah’s side .
Why , Aaron even called their calf worship “ a festival to Jehovah ” !
How did Jehovah react ?
He felt betrayed .
Jehovah told Moses that the people had “ corrupted themselves ” and had “ deviated from the way [ He ] commanded them to go . ”
In his “ burning anger , ” Jehovah even considered wiping out the newly formed nation of Israel . ​ — Ex .
32 : 5 - 10 .
15 , 16 .
How did Moses and Aaron show that they were firmly on Jehovah’s side ?
( See opening picture . )
Jehovah decided not to eliminate the Israelites .
His mercy gave loyal worshippers an opportunity to take a firm stand on his side .
After witnessing the unrestrained behavior of the people ​ — shouting , singing , and dancing before an idol — ​ Moses crushed the golden calf into powder .
He then proclaimed : “ Who is on Jehovah’s side ?
Come to me ! ”
In response , “ all the Levites gathered around ” Moses . ​ — Ex .
32 : 17 - 20 , 26 .
Although initially involved in setting up the idol , Aaron repented and joined the rest of the Levites on Jehovah’s side .
These loyal ones were not just taking sides with Jehovah but were at the same time separating themselves from the wrongdoers .
That was a wise move ; that day thousands lost their lives because of their idolatry .
However , those who were on Jehovah’s side were promised a blessing . ​ — Ex .
32 : 27 - 29 .
What do Paul’s words about the golden calf episode teach us ?
The apostle Paul drew attention to the golden calf episode and warned : “ These things became examples for us , in order for us not to . . . become idolaters , as some of them did .
[ The examples ] were written for a warning to us upon whom the ends of the systems of things have come .
So let the one who thinks he is standing beware that he does not fall . ”
As Paul pointed out , even true worshippers could become involved in wrong practices .
Those who give in to temptation may think that they still have a good standing with Jehovah .
But merely wanting to be Jehovah’s friend or claiming to be loyal to him does not always mean that one is actually approved by Jehovah . ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 1 - 5 .
What could cause us to drift away from Jehovah , and with what consequences ?
Just as the Israelites became anxious over Moses ’ delay in coming down from Sinai , Christians today may feel anxious over the seeming delay of Jehovah’s day of judgment and the coming of the new world .
The fulfillment of these promises may seem too far off in the future or too good to be true .
Left unchecked , such thinking can lead us to put fleshly pursuits ahead of Jehovah’s will .
In time , we could drift away from Jehovah and eventually engage in practices that we would never have considered being involved in when we were in good spiritual health .
What fundamental truth should we never forget , and why ?

Never should we forget that Jehovah requires wholehearted obedience and exclusive devotion .
Any wandering away from Jehovah’s worship really means doing Satan’s will , and that could lead only to disaster .
Hence , Paul reminds us : “ You cannot be drinking the cup of Jehovah and the cup of demons ; you cannot be partaking of ‘ the table of Jehovah ’ and the table of demons . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 21 .
Even after we take a false step , how can Jehovah help us ?
The Bible accounts about Cain , Solomon , and the Israelites at Mount Sinai have a noteworthy element in common .
These individuals had opportunity to “ repent . . . and turn around . ”
Clearly , Jehovah is not quick to give up on those who take a false step .
In Aaron’s case , Jehovah extended forgiveness .
Today , warnings from Jehovah may come in the form of a Bible account , Bible - based publications , or kind advice from a fellow Christian .
When we heed the warnings , we are assured of Jehovah’s mercy .
What should we be determined to do when our loyalty to Jehovah is put to the test ?
Jehovah’s undeserved kindness has a purpose .
It gives us an opportunity “ to reject ungodliness and worldly desires . ”
( Read Titus 2 : 11 - 14 . )
As long as we live “ amid this present system of things , ” we will face situations that will put our exclusive devotion to Jehovah to the test .
May we always be ready to take a firm stand on his side , for it is ‘ Jehovah our God we should fear , him we should serve , and to him we should cling ’ ! ​ — Deut . 10 : 20 .
“ Happy is the nation whose God is Jehovah , the people he has chosen as his own possession . ” ​ — PS .
33 : 12 .
SONGS : 40 , 50
What are some of the things we accomplish through dedication and baptism ?
Why should it be obvious to others that we are exclusively devoted to Jehovah ?
Why is it important to be hospitable , generous , forgiving , and kind to fellow worshippers ?
Why can Jehovah rightfully claim ownership of everything ?
( See opening picture . )
EVERYTHING belongs to Jehovah !
He owns “ the heavens , even the heavens of the heavens , and the earth with all that is in it . ”
Hence , by reason of their very existence , all humans belong to Jehovah .
Yet , throughout human history , God has designated specific groups of people as belonging to him in a special way .
Who have been identified in the Bible as belonging to Jehovah in a special way ?
For example , Psalm 135 refers to faithful worshippers of Jehovah in ancient Israel as “ his special property . ”
Also , the book of Hosea foretold that some non - Israelites would become Jehovah’s people .
Hosea’s prophecy was fulfilled when Jehovah included non - Jews in his selection of prospective corulers with Christ .
This “ holy nation ” is Jehovah’s “ special possession ” in an outstanding way , its members having been anointed with holy spirit and chosen for life in heaven .
What about the majority of faithful Christians today who have an earthly hope ?
Jehovah also calls them his “ people ” and his “ chosen ones . ” ​ — Isa .
65 : 22 .
( a ) Who enjoy a favored relationship with Jehovah today ?
( b ) What will be considered in this article ?
Today , the “ little flock , ” with a heavenly hope , and the “ other sheep , ” with an earthly hope , compose the “ one flock ” that Jehovah highly regards as his people .
We surely want to show deep appreciation to Jehovah for granting us such a favored relationship with him .
This article will consider various ways in which we can show our gratitude to Jehovah for giving us that special honor .
What is one way we can thank Jehovah for making it possible for us to have a relationship with him , and how did Jesus do something similar ?
We show appreciation to Jehovah by wholeheartedly dedicating ourselves to him .
By water baptism , we formally and publicly acknowledge Jehovah’s ownership of us and our willingness to subject ourselves to him .
Jesus did something similar when at his baptism he , in effect , said to Jehovah : “ To do your will , O my God , is my desire . ”
Jesus presented himself to do Jehovah’s will , even though since birth he had been part of a nation dedicated to God .
5 , 6 . ( a ) How did Jehovah respond when Jesus was baptized ?
( b ) Illustrate why Jehovah appreciates our dedication , even though everything belongs to him .
How did Jehovah respond to Jesus ’ baptism ?
The Bible account says : “ After being baptized , Jesus immediately came up from the water ; and look !
the heavens were opened up , and he saw God’s spirit descending like a dove and coming upon him .
Look !
Also , a voice from the heavens said : ‘ This is my Son , the beloved , whom I have approved . ’ ” Although Jesus already belonged to his heavenly Father , Jehovah was delighted to see his Son’s willingness to do His will exclusively .
Jehovah is likewise pleased to accept our dedication , and he will honor us with his blessing . ​ — Ps .
149 : 4 .
To illustrate , imagine that a man has planted many beautiful flowers in his garden .
One day his little girl picks one of those flowers and offers it to him as a gift .
Did not the flower already belong to the man ?
How could she give him something that he already owned ?
A loving father would not even think of such questions . Rather , he would be delighted to accept the gift as a token of his daughter’s love for him .
He would surely treasure that single flower from his daughter above all the other flowers in his garden .
Jehovah is no less delighted when we willingly devote ourselves to him exclusively . ​ — Ex .
34 : 14 .
How did Malachi highlight Jehovah’s feelings toward those who willingly serve him ?
Read Malachi 3 : 16 .
If you are not yet dedicated and baptized , consider the significance of taking such a step .
Granted , from the moment you came into existence , you belonged to Jehovah , along with the rest of mankind .
Yet , think how greatly it would please Jehovah if in recognition of his sovereignty , you were to dedicate yourself to him and do his will .
Jehovah , in turn , recognizes those who willingly serve him , and he writes their names in his “ book of remembrance . ”
8 , 9 .
What does Jehovah require from those whose names are inscribed in his “ book of remembrance ” ?
Having our name inscribed in Jehovah’s “ book of remembrance ” as his people comes with certain obligations .
Malachi specifically stated that we must ‘ fear Jehovah and meditate on his name . ’
Giving our worshipful devotion to anyone or anything else would result in our name being removed from Jehovah’s figurative book of life . ​ — Ex .
32 : 33 ; Ps . 69 : 28 .
Hence , our dedication to Jehovah involves much more than a solemn promise to do his will and to submit to water baptism .
These actions are brief , and they quickly become part of the past .
Our stand on Jehovah’s side as his people requires an ongoing demonstration of our obedience to him both in the present and in the future ​ — for as long as we live . ​ — 1 Pet . 4 : 1 , 2 .
What clear distinction must exist between those who serve Jehovah and those who do not ?
The preceding article considered the Bible accounts of Cain , Solomon , and the Israelites .
All of them professed to worship Jehovah , but their devotion to him was far from exclusive .
These examples clearly establish that those who truly belong to Jehovah must firmly take their stand for righteousness and against wickedness .
Appropriately , after Malachi mentioned the “ book of remembrance , ” Jehovah spoke of “ the distinction between a righteous person and a wicked person , between one serving God and one not serving him . ” ​ — Mal .
3 : 18 .
Why should it be obvious to others that we are devoted to Jehovah exclusively ?
Here , then , is another way we can show appreciation to Jehovah for choosing us as his people .
Our spiritual progress must be “ plainly seen by all . ”
Ask yourself : ‘ Is my complete allegiance to Jehovah evident to others ?
Do I look for opportunities to identify myself as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses ? ’
Jehovah would be deeply saddened if after he has selected us as his people , we were to hesitate to let others know that we belong to him . ​ — Ps . 119 : 46 ; read Mark 8 : 38 .
Does your lifestyle clearly identify you as one of Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
( See paragraphs 12 , 13 )
12 , 13 .
How have some obscured their identity as Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
Sad to say , some individuals have blurred ‘ the distinction between their serving God and their not serving him ’ by imitating “ the spirit of the world . ”
That is a spirit that caters to ‘ the desires of one’s flesh . ’
For example , despite all the counsel that has been given on the subject , some still prefer styles of dress and grooming that are immodest .
They wear tight - fitting and revealing clothing , even to Christian gatherings .
Or they have adopted extreme haircuts and hairdos .
As a result , when they are in a crowd , it may be difficult to tell who belongs to Jehovah and who is “ a friend of the world . ” ​ — Jas . 4 : 4 .
In other ways , some Witnesses have not firmly rejected worldly conduct .
Their dancing and actions at parties go beyond what is acceptable for Christians .
They post on social media photos of themselves and comments that are unbecoming to spiritual people .
They may not have been disciplined in the Christian congregation for a serious sin , but they can be a negative influence on their peers who are striving to maintain fine conduct among Jehovah’s people . ​ — Read 1 Peter 2 : 11 , 12 .
Do not let yourself be affected by those who are not taking a firm stand on Jehovah’s side
What course of action is vital if we are to protect our special friendship with Jehovah ?
The world aggressively promotes “ the desire of the flesh and the desire of the eyes and the showy display of one’s means of life . ”
Yet , because we belong to Jehovah , we are admonished to “ reject ungodliness and worldly desires and to live with soundness of mind and righteousness and godly devotion amid this present system of things . ”
Our speech , our eating and drinking habits , our dress and grooming , our work ethic ​ — everything we do — ​ should tell onlookers that we are exclusively devoted to Jehovah . ​ — Read 1 Corinthians 10 : 31 , 32 .
Why should we treat fellow worshippers with kindness and love ?
Our appreciation for Jehovah’s special friendship is shown in how we treat fellow worshippers .
They too belong to Jehovah .
If we never lose sight of that fact , we will always treat our brothers and sisters with kindness and love .
Jesus said to his followers : “ By this all will know that you are my disciples ​ — if you have love among yourselves . ” ​ — John 13 : 35 .
What example from the Mosaic Law illustrates Jehovah’s feelings toward his people ?
To illustrate how we should treat one another in the congregation , consider the following .
The utensils in Jehovah’s temple were dedicated , or set aside , exclusively for pure worship .
The Mosaic Law outlined in detail how to care for these utensils , and violators were subject to death .
If Jehovah so jealously protected lifeless implements used in his worship , how much more would he protect his dedicated loyal worshippers whom he has chosen as his people !
Speaking to his people , Jehovah once declared : “ Whoever touches you touches the pupil of my eye . ” ​ — Zech .
2 : 8 .
Jehovah is “ paying attention and listening ” to what ?
Interestingly , Malachi depicted Jehovah as “ paying attention and listening ” as His people interact with one another .
Jehovah indeed “ knows those who belong to him . ”
He is keenly aware of every single thing we do and say .
When we are less than kind to our fellow worshippers , Jehovah is “ paying attention and listening . ”
When we are hospitable , generous , forgiving , and kind to one another , we can be sure that Jehovah takes notice of that as well . ​ — Heb .
13 : 16 ; 1 Pet . 4 : 8 , 9 .
How can we show appreciation for the honor of being Jehovah’s people ?
Surely we are eager to show our appreciation to Jehovah for the honor of being his people .
We see the wisdom in acknowledging his ownership of us by voluntarily dedicating ourselves to him .
Even while living “ in the midst of a crooked and twisted generation , ” we want people to see that we are “ blameless and innocent , . . . shining as illuminators in the world . ”
We take a firm stand against badness .
And we love and respect our fellow worshippers , recognizing that they too belong to Jehovah . ​ — Rom . 12 : 10 .
How does Jehovah reward those who belong to him ?
The Bible promises : “ Jehovah will not forsake his people . ”
This ironclad guarantee is binding despite any calamity that might befall us .
Even death cannot stand in the way of Jehovah’s love for us .
“ If we live , we live to Jehovah , and if we die , we die to Jehovah . So both if we live and if we die , we belong to Jehovah . ”
We eagerly look forward to the day when Jehovah will bring to life all his loyal friends who have died .
Even now we enjoy many blessings .
As the Bible says , “ happy is the nation whose God is Jehovah , the people he has chosen as his own possession . ” ​ — Ps .
33 : 12 .
WHEN Jesus taught his disciples how to preach the good news , he acknowledged that the Kingdom message would not always be welcomed .
In our ministry , we may encounter some who respond harshly or even act abusively .
Admittedly , such responses can make it difficult for us to maintain compassion for those to whom we preach .
A compassionate person sees the needs and problems of others , feels sympathy for them , and wants to help .
However , if we begin to lose our compassion for those whom we meet in the ministry , we may also begin to lose our zeal and effectiveness .
On the other hand , when we cultivate compassion , it is as if we were adding more oxygen to a fire ​ — we keep our zeal for the ministry burning brightly ! ​ — 1 Thess .
5 : 19 .
How can we cultivate compassion even when it is challenging to do so ?
Let us consider three examples worthy of imitation ​ — the examples of Jehovah , Jesus , and the apostle Paul .
For thousands of years , Jehovah has endured the reproach that has been brought on his name .
Yet , he remains “ kind toward the unthankful and wicked . ”
His kindness is demonstrated by his patience .
Jehovah desires that “ all sorts of people ” be saved .

Although God hates wickedness , he views humans as precious and does not want any to lose their lives . ​ — 2 Pet . 3 : 9 .
Jehovah understands how effectively Satan has blinded unbelieving humans .
Many have been taught wrong beliefs and attitudes since childhood , making it a challenge for them to accept the truth .
Jehovah is eager to help such ones .
How do we know ?
Consider Jehovah’s view of the ancient Ninevites .
Despite their violent ways , Jehovah said to Jonah : “ Should I not also feel sorry for Nineveh the great city , in which there are more than 120,000 men who do not even know right from wrong ? ”
Jehovah viewed the Ninevites as spiritually disadvantaged , and he mercifully commissioned Jonah to warn them .
Like Jehovah , we view people as precious .
We can imitate him by eagerly trying to help any who might listen , even if they seem unlikely to respond .
Like his Father , Jesus was moved with pity for people who were in spiritual need .
“ On seeing the crowds , he felt pity for them , because they were skinned and thrown about like sheep without a shepherd . ”
Jesus saw beneath the surface ; he recognized that those who came to hear him speak had been taught falsehoods and had been mistreated by their religious leaders .
Although he knew that many would allow various obstacles to hinder them from responding favorably , Jesus still proceeded “ to teach them many things . ” ​ — Mark 4 : 1 - 9 .
Do not be frustrated if a person does not initially show interest
Circumstances in life change , as may a person’s attitude toward the truth
When people react unfavorably to our message , we need to see beneath the surface and ask ourselves why they respond as they do .
Some may have a negative attitude about the Bible or about Christianity because of the bad examples of those who claim to be Christians .
Perhaps others have been told lies about our beliefs .
Still others may face the scorn of members of the community or of family members if they receive us favorably .
Some we meet in the ministry may react unfavorably because of traumatic experiences that have left them emotionally damaged .
A missionary named Kim says : “ In a certain part of our territory , many people are victims of a war in which they lost all their possessions .
They have no real hope for the future . They are frustrated and very distrustful .
In this area , we regularly encounter those opposed to our message .
On one occasion , I was assaulted while preaching . ”
How does Kim maintain her compassion despite such treatment ?
She says : “ When treated abusively , I try to keep in mind Proverbs 19 : 11 , which says : ‘ The insight of a man certainly slows down his anger . ’
Remembering the background of those in our territory helps me to cultivate compassion for them .
And not everyone we meet is hostile .
In that same area , we have some nice return visits . ”
We might ask ourselves , ‘ How would I respond to the Kingdom message if I were in the position of those to whom we preach ? ’
For example , what if we had repeatedly been told lies about Jehovah’s Witnesses ?
In such circumstances , perhaps we too would respond negatively and be in need of compassion .
When we recall Jesus ’ command to treat others as we wish to be treated , we are motivated to respond empathetically even when it is difficult to do so . ​ — Matt .
7 : 12 .
The apostle Paul showed compassion even for violent opposers .
Why ?
He did not forget his own past .
He said : “ Formerly I was a blasphemer and a persecutor and an insolent man .
Nevertheless , I was shown mercy because I acted in ignorance and with a lack of faith . ”
He recognized that Jehovah and Jesus had shown him great mercy .
Likely , he could see his former self in some of those to whom he preached . At times , Paul encountered strongly entrenched false beliefs .
How did he react ?
Acts 17 : 16 reports that while Paul was in Athens , “ his spirit within him became irritated on seeing that the city was full of idols . ”
Nevertheless , Paul used the very source of his irritation to give a fine witness .
He adapted his preaching methods to the backgrounds of various types of people so that he “ might by all possible means save some . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
9 : 20 - 23 .
We can imitate Paul by acknowledging negative attitudes or wrong beliefs that we encounter and then by skillfully introducing “ good news of something better . ”
A sister named Dorothy says : “ In our territory , many have been taught that God is harsh and judgmental .
I commend such people for their strong belief in God and then draw their attention to what the Bible says about Jehovah’s loving personality and his promises for the future . ”
As we move deeper into “ the last days , ” we can expect that the attitudes of some to whom we preach “ will advance from bad to worse . ”
But we must not let this downward trend erode our compassion or cause us to lose our joy .
Jehovah can give us the strength to “ keep conquering the evil with the good . ”
A pioneer named Jessica relates : “ I often encounter people who lack humility and who belittle us and our message .
This can be annoying .
When I begin a conversation , I pray silently to Jehovah and ask for his help to see the person as he does .
This takes my focus off of my feelings and instead makes me think about how to help the person . ”
We keep looking for those who are rightly disposed for everlasting life
Some respond to our patient efforts to help them spiritually
We should also consider how to encourage our fellow workers .
Jessica says : “ If one of us has a bad experience , I try not to dwell on it .
Rather , I shift the conversation to positive topics , such as the good that our ministry accomplishes despite the negative responses of some . ”
Jehovah is well - aware of the challenges we encounter in the ministry .
How he must rejoice when we imitate his mercy !
Of course , Jehovah will not extend his compassion indefinitely .
We can be confident that he knows exactly the right time to end this system of things .
Until then , our preaching is urgent .
Let us continue to carry out our assignment with zeal and tender compassion for “ all sorts of people . ”
JOSHUA faces a daunting challenge . He has to lead the nation of Israel into the Promised Land in the face of formidable obstacles .
Jehovah assures him of success , though , and encourages him : ‘ Be courageous and strong .
Observe my Law .
Read it day and night , in order to observe carefully all that is written in it . Then you will be successful and you will act wisely . ’ ​ — Josh .
1 : 7 , 8 .
In these “ critical times hard to deal with , ” we too face formidable challenges .
Like Joshua , we can succeed by following the advice Jehovah gave him .
We can read the Bible regularly and carefully apply its principles to the tests we face .
However , many of us would admit that we are not the best students and that studying is not easy for us .
Yet , since studying the Bible is so important , review the box “ Try These Suggestions ” for some good tips that can make your study more effective and enjoyable .
“ Guide me in the pathway of your commandments , ” sang the psalmist , “ for in it I take delight . ”
You can derive great pleasure from considering God’s Word .
Rewarding gems are awaiting discovery as you dig for spiritual treasures .
Although you do not have to lead a nation as Joshua did , you have your own challenges to face .
So , like Joshua , study and observe what has been written for your benefit .
When you do , you too will be successful and act wisely .
Pray before you study .
The Bible contains the thoughts of the almighty God that he had recorded for your benefit .
So when you read the Bible , seek his help to understand it , retain it , and apply it in your life . ​ — Ezra 7 : 10 .
Ask yourself questions as you read the Bible or Bible - based literature : ‘ What does this passage tell me about Jehovah ?
How does it contribute to the overall message of his Word ?
How can I use these thoughts to help others ? ’

Meditate on what you study .
Stop reading and think : ‘ How does this material make me feel ?
Why does it make me feel that way ?
How does it relate to my past experiences , to my current situation , or to possible future events ?
How can I apply these Bible principles and this counsel in my life ? ’
See if you can explain why Jehovah urges his people to avoid certain practices or what the consequences of a different course of action would likely be . ​ — Deut . 32 : 28 , 29 .
Use your imagination when reading descriptive passages .
Can you , for example , picture the scene as Joseph’s brothers sell him to the Ishmaelites ?
What do you see , hear , and smell ?
Put yourself in the place of the characters .
What are they thinking and feeling ?
Such thoughts will make your study more vivid and meaningful .
Use the study tools that have been provided to enrich your research .
Get familiar with the tools available in your language , both online and in print .
Do not hesitate to ask others to help you learn how to use them effectively .
The Watch Tower Publications Index or the Research Guide for Jehovah’s Witnesses , for example , will help you to locate what has been written on many topics and to find explanations of many Bible verses .
Use the appendixes of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures if available in a language you know .
These provide useful information on geography , chronology , weights and measures , and so on .
Summarize key points in the material to help you remember what you have just studied .
Better still , share it with others .
Is there something you can use in your ministry ?
In these ways , you not only fix the main points in your mind but also use what you have studied to benefit others .
3 Do You Have the Facts ?
8 Do Not Judge by the Outward Appearance
The first article considers challenges that we may encounter in trying to obtain facts .
It also discusses what Bible principles will help us to improve our ability to evaluate information accurately .
The second article examines three areas in which people often judge others by what appears to the eyes .
Further , it considers how we can progress in treating others impartially .
13 Life Story ​ — Determined Not to Let My Hands Drop
18 Generous Givers Are Happy People
23 Work With Jehovah Each Day
Jehovah made humans to live well and be happy .
If you can see how your daily activities contribute to the advancement of Jehovah’s purposes , you will be happy .
These study articles consider the benefits of being generous in various ways .
28 Patience ​ — Endurance With a Purpose
31 From Our Archives
“ There is . . . happiness in giving . ” ​ — ACTS 20 : 35 .
SONGS : 76 , 110
Why can we say that humans were made to be generous ?
What is the connection between generosity and happiness in the preaching work ?
What Scriptural reasons do we have for being generous ?
How does creation give evidence of Jehovah’s generosity ?
EVEN though Jehovah was completely alone before he began to create , he was not thinking only of himself .
On the contrary , he gave the gift of life to intelligent creatures , both spirit and human .
“ The happy God , ” Jehovah , loves to give good things .
And since he also wants us to be happy , he teaches us to be generous . ​ — Rom .
1 : 20 .

2 , 3 . ( a ) Why does giving make us happy ?
( b ) What will we consider ?
God made man in his image .
That is , we were created to reflect his personality .
In order to attain happiness and fulfillment , then , we need to follow Jehovah’s example by being interested in others and by being generous givers .
Why ?
Quite simply because Jehovah lovingly designed humans that way .
Despite our imperfection , we can succeed in imitating Jehovah’s generosity .
The Bible tells us how we can be generous givers .
Let us review some of the lessons that the Scriptures teach on this topic .
We will see how being generous leads to God’s favor and how cultivating this quality helps us to fulfill the role God has given us .
We will also examine how our generosity is connected with our happiness and why we need to keep on cultivating this quality .
4 , 5 .
What examples of generosity have Jehovah and Jesus set for us ?
Jehovah wants his human creation to imitate him , so it makes him happy when we are generous .

It is very clear from the way that we are made and from the beauty and riches of our natural environment that God wants humans to be happy .
Hence , we honor him when we strive to make others happy .
True Christians imitate the Christ , who provided us with the perfect example of how a human can be generous .
Jesus himself stated : “ The Son of man came , not to be ministered to , but to minister and to give his life as a ransom in exchange for many . ”
Hence , the apostle Paul urged Christians : “ Keep this mental attitude in you that was also in Christ Jesus . . .
He emptied himself and took a slave’s form . ”
Each of us would do well to ask , ‘ Can I follow Jesus ’ example even more closely than I am already doing ? ’ ​ — Read 1 Peter 2 : 21 .
What lesson did Jesus teach us in the parable of the neighborly Samaritan ?
( See opening picture . )
We can enjoy Jehovah’s favor by imitating his and Christ’s perfect examples , by being interested in the welfare of others , and by looking for ways to care for their needs .
Indeed , in the parable of the neighborly Samaritan , Jesus made clear that he expected his followers to go out of their way to help others , even those of a different background .
( Read Luke 10 : 29 - 37 . )
Do you recall the question that moved Jesus to recount the parable of the neighborly Samaritan ?
A Jew asked him : “ Who really is my neighbor ? ”
Jesus ’ answer shows that like the Samaritan we must be willing to give generously if we are to enjoy God’s favor .
How is our being selfish or unselfish connected with the universal issue ?
Christians have many good reasons to practice generosity .
For example , this quality is related to the issue Satan raised in the garden of Eden .
How so ?
Satan asserted that Adam and Eve ​ — and by extension all humanity — ​ would be better off focusing on themselves and putting the pursuit of their own interests ahead of obedience to God .
Eve acted out of a selfish desire to be like God .
Adam manifested a selfish desire to please Eve .
The results of their decisions are plain to see .
Selfishness does not lead to happiness ; quite the opposite .
By being generous , we demonstrate our conviction that God’s way of doing things is the best .
Why should the first human couple have been interested in giving ?
God gave the first human couple instructions that should have made them think about the welfare of others , even though they were alone in the garden of Eden .
Jehovah blessed Adam and Eve and encouraged them to multiply , fill the earth , and subdue it .
Just as the Creator was keenly interested in the welfare of his creation , the first human parents should have been interested in the happiness of their unborn children .
Paradise was to be extended earth wide for the benefit of Adam’s offspring .
That huge project would require the cooperation of his ever - growing family .
Why would extending Paradise have led to happiness ?
For perfect men and women , working to extend Paradise would have meant cooperating to the full with Jehovah to achieve his purposes , thereby entering into his rest .

Imagine how fulfilling and rewarding that project would have been !
Giving of themselves for the welfare of others would have brought them great blessings and immense satisfaction .
10 , 11 .
How can we fulfill the commission to preach and make disciples ?
Today , Jehovah has given his people the work of preaching and making disciples .
To fulfill that commission , we need to be sincerely interested in the welfare of others .
We can endure in this work only if we have the right motivation ​ — love for God and love for our neighbor .
In the first century C.E . , Paul referred to himself and certain close associates as “ God’s fellow workers ” because of their role in planting and watering the seed of Kingdom truth .
Today , we too can be “ God’s fellow workers ” by generously giving of our time , resources , and energy to the divinely commissioned preaching work .
What a tremendous privilege this is !
Few things are more gratifying than helping appreciative individuals to grasp spiritual truths ( See paragraph 12 )
12 , 13 .
What would you say are the rewards of disciple - making ?
Being generous with our time and energy in the preaching and disciple - making work brings great joy .
Many who have had the privilege of conducting progressive Bible studies will tell you that few things are more rewarding .
Great happiness comes from seeing appreciative individuals light up when they grasp spiritual truths , grow in faith , make changes , and start sharing the truth with others .
Jesus also experienced great happiness when the 70 preachers whom he had sent out to the field “ returned with joy ” because of the favorable results they had experienced . ​ — Luke 10 : 17 - 21 .
Publishers worldwide rejoice to see the message of the good news affect people’s lives in positive ways .
Consider the experience of Anna , a young single sister , who expanded her ministry by moving to serve in an area of Eastern Europe where the need for preachers is great .
* “ There are a lot of opportunities to conduct Bible studies here , and I like that very much , ” she writes .
“ My service gives me great joy .

When I get home , I don’t have time to focus on myself .
I think about those with whom I am studying ​ — their troubles and anxieties .
I look for ways to encourage them and help them in practical ways .
And I have become convinced that ‘ there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving . ’ ” ​ — Acts 20 : 35 .
When we visit every house in our territory , we give people the opportunity to respond to the Kingdom message ( See paragraph 14 )
Even if few people respond favorably to the good news , how can you find pleasure in your ministry ?
We can find happiness in giving people the opportunity to respond to the message of good news even if they choose not to listen .
After all , our commission today is similar to that of the prophet Ezekiel , to whom Jehovah said : “ You must speak my words to them , whether they listen or not . ”
Even if some do not appreciate our message , Jehovah appreciates our efforts .
( Read Hebrews 6 : 10 . )
One publisher showed an excellent attitude in this regard .
He wrote concerning his ministry , “ We have planted , watered , and prayed in hopes that Jehovah will make the interest grow . ” ​ — 1 Cor .
3 : 6 .
How do many people react to generosity , and should their reaction affect the way we act ?
Jesus wants us to find happiness by being generous .
Many people react favorably to generosity .
“ Practice giving , and people will give to you , ” he urged .
“ They will pour into your laps a fine measure , pressed down , shaken together , and overflowing .
For with the measure that you are measuring out , they will measure out to you in return . ”
Of course , not all respond positively to our generous giving , but when they do , their gratitude can start a chain reaction .
So practice giving whether people seem to appreciate it or not .
You never know how much good you can do with just one act of generosity .
What should motivate our acts of generosity ?
Truly generous people do not give in order to get something in return .
Jesus had this in mind when he taught : “ When you spread a feast , invite the poor , the crippled , the lame , the blind ; and you will be happy , because they have nothing with which to repay you . ”
“ The generous person will be blessed , ” said one inspired writer .
Another said : “ Happy is anyone who shows consideration to the lowly one . ”
Indeed , we should give because we derive pleasure from helping others .
What kinds of giving will make you happy ?
When Paul quoted Jesus ’ words “ there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving , ” Paul was referring not only to sharing material things but also to giving encouragement , guidance , and assistance to those in need of these .
By word and example , the apostle taught us to give of ourselves ​ — our time , our energy , our attention , our love .
What have many secular writers concluded with regard to generosity ?
Researchers in the field of social sciences have also observed that giving makes people happy .
According to one article , “ people report a significant happiness boost after doing kind deeds for others . ”
Helping others , researchers say , is important to developing “ a greater sense of purpose and meaning ” in life “ because it fulfills basic human needs . ”
Hence , experts often recommend that people volunteer for public service to enhance their own health and happiness .
This comes as no surprise to those who accept the Bible as the Word of mankind’s loving Designer , Jehovah . ​ — 2 Tim .
3 : 16 , 17 .
19 , 20 .
What reasons do you have for wanting to be generous ?
It can be a challenge to maintain a generous spirit when we are surrounded by people who put their own interests ahead of those of others .
However , Jesus stated that the two greatest commandments are to love Jehovah with our whole heart , soul , mind , and strength and to love our neighbor as ourselves .
As we have seen in this article , those who love Jehovah imitate him .
Jehovah gives to others , and so does Jesus .
And they recommend that we do the same , for it will make us truly happy .
If we strive to manifest this generous spirit in our dealings with both God and neighbor , we will bring honor to Jehovah and benefit ourselves and others .
No doubt you are already striving to give of yourself to help others , especially fellow believers .
If you continue to do so , you will surely be loved and appreciated , and you will be happy as a result .
“ The generous person will prosper , ” says Proverbs 11 : 25 , “ and whoever refreshes others will himself be refreshed . ”
Of course , selfless giving , kindness , and generosity can be shown in many ways and in many areas of your Christian life and ministry , with rewarding results .
The following article will explore some of these ways and areas .
Name has been changed .
“ We are God’s fellow workers . ” ​ — 1 COR .
3 : 9 .
SONGS : 64 , 111
by assisting your family and fellow worshippers ?
by being hospitable ?
by volunteering and by expanding your service ?
In what ways can we work with Jehovah ?
THE Creator envisioned that perfect humans would cooperate with him to accomplish his purposes .
Despite mankind’s current imperfect state , faithful people can still work with Jehovah each day .
For example , we become “ God’s fellow workers ” by preaching the good news of his Kingdom and making disciples .
Just think what a privilege we have to be counted worthy of cooperating with the almighty Creator of the universe in a work that he considers important !
Yet , preaching and making disciples are not the only ways that we work with Jehovah .
This article will examine other ways we can do so ​ — by assisting our family and fellow worshippers , by being hospitable , by volunteering for theocratic projects , and by expanding our sacred service . ​ — Col .
3 : 23 .
Why would it be unwise to compare what you do to promote Jehovah’s purposes with what others do ?
As we consider this material , do not compare what you can do for Jehovah with what others can do .
Remember that age , health , circumstances , and abilities vary from one person to another .
The inspired apostle Paul said : “ Let each one examine his own actions , and then he will have cause for rejoicing in regard to himself alone , and not in comparison with the other person . ” ​ — Gal .
6 : 4 .
Why can it be said that everyone who cares for his family is cooperating with God ?
Jehovah expects his servants to care for their families .
For example , you may have to work to provide financially for your loved ones .
Many mothers stay at home to look after their infants .
And some adult children may have to care for infirm parents .
These are necessary activities .
God’s Word states : “ If anyone does not provide for those who are his own , and especially for those who are members of his household , he has disowned the faith and is worse than a person without faith . ”
If you have such responsibilities , you likely cannot set aside as much time for theocratic activities as you would like to .
But take heart !
Jehovah is pleased when you provide for your family . ​ — 1 Cor .
10 : 31 .
How can parents put theocratic interests ahead of their own , and with what results ?
Christian parents cooperate with Jehovah when they set theocratic goals before their children .
Many who have done so have later seen their sons and daughters take up full - time service assignments far from home .
Some are missionaries ; others pioneer where the need for publishers is greater ; still others serve at Bethel .
Distance might mean that families cannot get together as often as they would like to .
Nevertheless , the self - sacrificing parents encourage their children to persevere in their assignments .

Why ?
They find great joy and satisfaction in knowing that their children are putting Kingdom interests first .
Perhaps many of these parents feel like Hannah , who said that she “ lent ” her son Samuel to Jehovah .
These parents rightly view such cooperation as a precious privilege .
They would not want things any other way . ​ — 1 Sam .
1 : 28 .
How might you be able to offer practical assistance to members of your congregation ?
( See opening picture . )
If you do not have pressing family responsibilities , could you assist fellow worshippers who are caregivers and those who are infirm , elderly , or otherwise in need ?
Why not look around in your congregation and take note of who needs help ?
Perhaps you could spend time with the elderly parent of a Christian sister who is a caregiver while the sister attends to other matters .

Or maybe you could help those who need assistance by offering to take them to meetings , to go shopping , to run errands , or to visit someone who is in the hospital .

In doing so , you might be working with Jehovah to answer a prayer . ​ — Read 1 Corinthians 10 : 24 .
What is involved in showing hospitality ?
God’s fellow workers are noted for practicing hospitality .
In the Christian Greek Scriptures , the term translated “ hospitality ” means “ kindness to strangers . ”
God’s Word recounts events that teach us to show such love .
We can and should seize opportunities to help others regularly , whether they are “ related to us in the faith ” or not . ​ — Gal .
6 : 10 .
Why might you consider showing hospitality to visiting full - time servants ?
Can you work with God by showing hospitality to visiting full - time servants ?
( Read 3 John 5 , 8 . )
Such occasions often provide an opportunity for “ an interchange of encouragement . ”
Consider the experience of Olaf .
He recalls that decades ago , no one in his congregation could accommodate the circuit overseer , who was single .
Young Olaf asked his non - Witness parents if the circuit overseer could stay at the family home .
They agreed but pointed out that Olaf would have to sleep on the couch .
That adjustment was well worth it . “ What a wonderful week ! ”
Olaf recalls .

“ The circuit overseer and I got up early each morning and discussed many interesting topics over breakfast .
The encouragement I received kindled my desire to take up the full - time service . ”
Over the last 40 years , Olaf has served in various missionary assignments .
What reasons do we have for showing kindness even if at first it does not seem to be appreciated ?
Illustrate .
You can show love to strangers in many ways even if at first your efforts are not appreciated .
Consider this example .
While conducting a Bible study , a publisher in Spain noticed that her student Yesica , from Ecuador , could not stop crying .
The publisher asked why .


Yesica related that before emigrating she was so poor that one day she had no food .
All she had to give her daughter was water .
Yesica tried to rock her child to sleep as she prayed for help .
Soon after , two Witnesses visited her , but Yesica was unkind to them and tore up the magazine the sisters offered .
“ Is this the food you want me to give to my daughter ? ”
she asked . The sisters tried to comfort her , but their attempts were in vain .
Later , they left a basket of food at her door .
Yesica was touched by their kindness and felt bad as she recalled that she paid no heed when God answered her prayer .
Now , though , she was determined to serve Jehovah .
What a fine effect their generosity produced ! ​ — Eccl .
11 : 1 , 6 .
9 , 10 . ( a ) What were some of the occasions in Bible times when a need arose for volunteers among God’s people ?
( b ) What are some of the needs that are generally cared for by willing men in the congregation today ?
On various occasions in the history of ancient Israel , volunteers were needed .
Today , you also have many opportunities to volunteer your time , resources , and skills to help your brothers and sisters .
And you will feel great joy and receive many blessings from making yourself available .
God’s Word encourages men in the congregation to work with Jehovah by reaching out for privileges of service and oversight .
Those who do so want to assist others in both practical and spiritual matters .
Have the elders asked if you would be willing to serve as an attendant or to help with literature , territories , maintenance , or the like ?
Those who care for such duties will tell you that it is most enjoyable to assist others .
Volunteering for theocratic projects offers many opportunities to make new friends ( See paragraph 11 )
How has one sister benefited from the friendships she made on theocratic projects ?
Those who volunteer for theocratic projects often make new friends .
Consider the example of Margie , a sister who has worked on Kingdom Hall construction projects for 18 years .
Over the years , she has taken several younger sisters under her wing to give them training .
She has found the experience to be an excellent way of encouraging one another spiritually .
During trying periods of her life , Margie has received encouragement from those whose friendships she forged on construction projects .
Have you ever volunteered for such a construction project ?
Whether you are skilled or not , can you make yourself available ?
How might you be able to contribute to disaster relief ?
When disasters strike , God’s people have opportunities to work with God by helping their brothers in practical ways .
For example , they give financial support to those affected .
Another practical way is by assisting with cleaning or reconstruction .
Gabriela , a sister from Poland whose home was virtually destroyed by a flood , cheered up when brothers from nearby congregations came to her aid .
“ I don’t want to talk about what I lost ​ — those are just material things , ” she relates .
“ Rather , I want to tell you how much I gained . This experience reassured me that being a part of the Christian congregation is a unique privilege as well as a source of joy and happiness . ”
Many who receive help after a disaster say that they feel richer from the experience .
And those who work with Jehovah to provide such help enjoy great satisfaction themselves . ​ — Read Acts 20 : 35 ; 2 Corinthians 9 : 6 , 7 .
How can volunteering strengthen our relationship with Jehovah ?
Give an example .
Stephanie and other publishers had the joy of working with God by assisting Witnesses who had arrived in the United States as refugees .
They helped to find and furnish homes for families relocating from war - torn areas .
“ We were moved by their joy and appreciation as they experienced the love of their worldwide brotherhood , ” says Stephanie .
“ The families think that we have helped them , but in reality , they have helped us much more . ”
She adds , “ The love , unity , faith , and reliance on Jehovah that we have witnessed have truly strengthened our love for Jehovah , and this has given us a deeper appreciation for all that we receive through his organization . ”
14 , 15 . ( a ) What spirit did the prophet Isaiah manifest ?
( b ) How can Kingdom preachers today imitate Isaiah’s attitude ?
Would you like to work with Jehovah more fully ?
Would you be willing to relocate to serve him where there is a greater need for workers in his organization ?
Of course , God’s servants do not have to travel far from home to express generosity .
But the circumstances of some brothers and sisters allow them to make themselves available farther afield .
Their attitude is similar to that of the prophet Isaiah .
In response to Jehovah’s question , “ Whom shall I send , and who will go for us ? ”
he replied : “ Here I am !
Send me ! ”
Do you have the desire and circumstances to respond in a similar way to theocratic needs ?
What needs exist ?
Concerning the preaching and disciple - making work , Jesus said : “ The harvest is great , but the workers are few .
Therefore , beg the Master of the harvest to send out workers into his harvest . ”
Can you serve in a field where the need is greater , perhaps as a pioneer ?
Or can you help someone else to do so ?
Many brothers and sisters have felt that the best way to show love for God and neighbor is to pioneer in areas or in territories in which there is a greater need for harvest workers .
Can you think of other ways to expand or increase your service ?
Great joy comes from doing so .
16 , 17 .
What further opportunities exist if you desire to expand the work you do for Jehovah ?
Would you be willing to serve at Bethel or assist in the construction of a theocratic facility , either as a temporary worker or as a commuter ?
There is a constant need for individuals who can serve Jehovah wherever they are assigned and at whatever task they are given to do .
This might require that they work in a field where there is a specific need , even though they have skills and experience in another field .
Yet , Jehovah appreciates the self - sacrificing spirit shown by individuals who offer themselves to serve wherever there is a need . ​ — Ps .
110 : 3 .
Do you desire to receive further training so as to be better equipped to carry out your sacred service ?
If so , you may qualify to attend the School for Kingdom Evangelizers . This school gives training to spiritually - minded men and women who are in full - time service , so that they can expand theocratic interests in the field .
Those who apply to attend this school need to be willing to accept any assignment when they graduate .
Would you be willing to take advantage of this opportunity to reach out for greater privileges of service ? ​ — 1 Cor .
9 : 23 .
What do you stand to gain by working with Jehovah each day ?
As Jehovah’s people , we are moved to be generous ​ — which is a manifestation of goodness , kindness , and love — ​ and to care about others each day .
When we do that , we gain joy , peace , and happiness .
Whatever your circumstances in life , you can find joy by imitating Jehovah’s generous personality and by being one of his precious fellow workers ! ​ — Prov .
3 : 9 , 10 .
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
COVER IMAGE :
A circuit overseer and his wife are ready to travel to the next congregation that they will visit .
Their bicycles carry Bible literature , a projector , a sound system , and most of their personal belongings
PUBLISHERS
BIBLE STUDIES
MEMORIAL ATTENDANCE ( 2017 )
This publication is not for sale . It is provided as part of a worldwide Bible educational work supported by voluntary donations .
To make a donation , please visit www.jw.org .

Unless otherwise indicated , Scripture quotations are from the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures .
“ When anyone replies to a matter before he hears the facts , it is foolish and humiliating . ” ​ — PROV .
18 : 13 .
SONGS : 126 , 95
Why must we be selective about what we read and about what we share via e - mails or text messages ?
How can we imitate Jesus if others spread false reports about us ?
What three Bible principles will help us to evaluate information accurately ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What important ability do we need to cultivate , and why ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
AS TRUE Christians , we need to develop the ability to evaluate information and reach accurate conclusions .
If we do not cultivate this ability , we will be far more vulnerable to the efforts of Satan and his world to distort our thinking .
Of course , only if we have the facts can we reach right conclusions .
As Proverbs 18 : 13 says , “ when anyone replies to a matter before he hears the facts , it is foolish and humiliating . ”
In this article , we will consider several challenges associated with obtaining the facts and reaching proper conclusions .
In addition , we will consider practical Bible principles and examples that can help us improve our ability to evaluate information accurately .
Why do we need to apply the Bible principle found at Proverbs 14 : 15 ?
( See opening picture . )
Today , people are bombarded with information . Internet websites , television , and other mass media present a seemingly unending array of ideas .
Many people are also flooded with e - mails , text messages , and reports from well - meaning friends and acquaintances .
Since the deliberate spreading of wrong information and the distorting of facts are common , we have good reason to be cautious and to evaluate carefully what we hear .
What Bible principle can help us ?
Proverbs 14 : 15 says : “ The naive person believes every word , but the shrewd one ponders each step . ”
How does Philippians 4 : 8 , 9 help us in selecting what material we read , and why is it vital to have accurate information ?
( See also the box “ A Few Provisions to Help Us Get the Facts . ” )
To make good decisions , we need solid facts .
Therefore , we need to be highly selective and to choose carefully what information we will read .
( Read Philippians 4 : 8 , 9 . )
We should not waste our time viewing questionable Internet news sites or reading unsubstantiated reports circulated via e - mail .
It is especially important to avoid websites promoted by apostates .
Their whole purpose is to tear down God’s people and to distort the truth .
Poor quality information will lead to poor decisions .
Never underestimate the powerful effect that misleading information can have on your mind and heart . ​ — 1 Tim .
6 : 20 , 21 .
What provisions have been made to keep God’s people up - to - date with accurate information ?
BREAKING NEWS : The feature Breaking News on the jw.org website provides quick , brief updates to Jehovah’s people on major events happening worldwide .
NEWSROOM : This regular section on jw.org contains more extensive reports on matters affecting our freedom of worship and on our response to natural disasters .
JW BROADCASTING : This Internet television station provides video updates on the activities of Jehovah’s Witnesses worldwide .
What false report did the Israelites hear , and how were they affected ?
Believing a false report can be disastrous .
For example , consider what happened in Moses ’ time when 10 of the 12 spies who were sent to explore the Promised Land brought back a bad report .
Their exaggerated and outrageous account completely disheartened Jehovah’s people .
Why did the people react this way ?
Perhaps they thought that since the majority of the spies brought a bad report , their account must be true .
They refused to listen to the good report brought by the trustworthy men Joshua and Caleb .
Instead of getting the facts and showing confidence in Jehovah , they chose to believe the bad report .
How foolish !
Why should we not be shocked if we hear outrageous reports about Jehovah’s people ?
We need to be especially cautious when we come across reports regarding Jehovah’s people .
Never forget that Satan is the accuser of God’s faithful servants .
Therefore , Jesus warned that opposers would “ lyingly say every sort of wicked thing ” against us .
If we take that warning seriously , we will not be shocked when we hear outrageous statements about Jehovah’s people .
Before sending e - mails or text messages , what do we need to consider ?
Are you the kind of person who enjoys sending e - mails and text messages to your friends and acquaintances ?
If so , when you see a newly published story in the news media or hear an experience , you might feel like a news reporter who wants to be the first to break an exciting story .
However , before you send that text message or e - mail , ask yourself : ‘ Am I certain that the information I am about to spread is true ?
Do I really have the facts ? ’
If you are not certain , you could unwittingly circulate false information among our brotherhood .
If in doubt , hit the delete key , not the send button .
What have opposers in some lands done , and how could we inadvertently cooperate with them ?
There is another danger in quickly forwarding e - mails and text messages .
In some lands , our work is under restriction or outright ban .
Our opposers in such lands may purposely circulate reports designed to instill fear or to cause us to distrust one another .
Consider what happened in the former Soviet Union .
The secret police , known as the KGB , spread rumors that various prominent brothers had betrayed Jehovah’s people .
* Many put confidence in such false reports , and as a result , they separated themselves from Jehovah’s organization .
How sad ! Thankfully , many later returned , but some never did .
Their faith was shipwrecked .
How can we avoid such a disastrous outcome ?
Refuse to circulate negative or unsubstantiated reports .
Do not be naive , or gullible . Be sure you have the facts .
What is another challenge to obtaining accurate information ?
Reports that contain half - truths or incomplete information are another challenge to reaching accurate conclusions .
A story that is only 10 percent true is 100 percent misleading .
How can we avoid being misled by deceptive stories that may contain some elements of truth ? ​ — Eph .
4 : 14 .
How did the Israelites nearly come to war against their brothers , and how was that avoided ?
Consider what happened to the Israelites dwelling on the western side of the Jordan River in the days of Joshua .
They received a report that the Israelites living on the eastern side of the Jordan ( the tribes of Reuben and Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh ) had constructed a large , impressive altar near the Jordan .
That portion of the report was true .
Based on this incomplete information , those on the western side concluded that their brothers had rebelled against Jehovah , so the Israelites living on the western side assembled to wage war against those living on the eastern side .
( Read Joshua 22 : 9 - 12 . )
Thankfully , before attacking , they sent a delegation of trustworthy men to get all the facts .
What did the men learn ?
The Israelites from the tribes of Reuben and Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh had built the altar , not for sacrifices , but as a memorial .
It was built so that in the future all would know that they too were faithful servants of Jehovah .
How thankful those Israelites must have been that they did not massacre their brothers based on incomplete information but took the time to get the facts !
( a ) How did Mephibosheth become a victim of injustice ?
( b ) How could David have avoided this injustice ?
As individuals , we may also become victims of injustice because half - truths or incomplete information is circulated about us .
Consider the example of King David and Mephibosheth .
David showed generosity and kindness to Mephibosheth , returning to him all the land of his grandfather Saul .
Later , however , David received a negative report about Mephibosheth .
Without verifying the information , David decided to strip Mephibosheth of all his property .
When David finally spoke with him , David recognized his error and restored to Mephibosheth a share of the property .
But this injustice could have been avoided had David taken the time to get the facts instead of rashly acting on incomplete information .
12 , 13 . ( a ) How did Jesus deal with slanderous reports ?
( b ) What can we do if someone spreads a false report about us ?
What , though , if you are a victim of a slanderous accusation ?
Jesus and John the Baptizer experienced such a challenge .
( Read Matthew 11 : 18 , 19 . )
How did Jesus deal with false information ?
He did not spend all his time and energy defending himself .

Instead he encouraged people to look at the facts ​ — what he did and what he taught .
As Jesus said , “ wisdom is vindicated by its works . ” ​ — Matt . 11 : 19 ; ftn .
There is a valuable lesson here that we do well to learn .
At times , people may say unfair or critical things about us .
We may long for justice and wish that we could do something to undo the damage to our reputation .
Yet , there is something we can do .
If someone spreads a lie about us , we can live in such a way that no one will believe that lie .
Indeed , as Jesus ’ example shows , our personal record of upright Christian conduct can wipe out half - truths and false accusations .
14 , 15 .
How can leaning on our own understanding become a snare ?
Obtaining reliable facts is only one challenge to reaching good conclusions . Our human imperfection poses another major challenge .
What if we have been serving Jehovah faithfully for decades ?
We may have developed fine thinking ability and discernment .
We may be highly respected for our sound judgment .
Nonetheless , can this also be a snare ?
Yes , leaning too heavily on our own understanding can become a snare .
Our emotions and personal ideas could begin to govern our thinking .
We may begin to feel that we can look at a situation and understand it even though we do not have all the facts .
How dangerous !
The Bible clearly warns us not to lean on our own understanding . ​ — Prov . 3 : 5 , 6 ; 28 : 26 .
In this imaginary scenario , what happened in a restaurant , and what conclusions did Tom quickly draw ?
Consider this imaginary scenario .
While in a restaurant one evening , an experienced elder named Tom was shocked to see a fellow elder , John , sitting at another table with a woman who was not his wife .
Tom observed the couple laughing , thoroughly enjoying each other’s association , and sharing an affectionate embrace .
Tom became more and more disturbed . Would this lead to divorce ?
What would happen to John’s wife ? What about John’s children ?
Tom had seen such heartbreaking situations before .
How would you have felt if you had witnessed this scene ?
In this imaginary scenario , what did Tom later learn , and what lesson does this teach us ?
But wait . Although Tom quickly concluded that John had been unfaithful to his wife , did he really have the facts ?
Later that evening , Tom telephoned John .
Can you imagine how relieved Tom felt when he learned that the woman was John’s fleshly sister , who was visiting from out of town .
The two had not seen each other for many years .
Because she was just passing through for a few hours , John was only able to meet her for a meal in the restaurant .
His wife was unable to join them .
Thankfully , Tom had not spread his wrong conclusions to others .
The lesson for us ?
No matter how much experience we may have in Christian living , experience alone is never a substitute for the facts .
How might our judgment be clouded by personality conflicts ?
Another challenge to evaluating matters accurately may be faced when we have a personality conflict with a brother in the congregation .
If we constantly dwell on our differences , we may begin to look at our brother with a measure of suspicion .
Thus , if we hear a negative report about this brother , we may be eager to believe it .
What is the lesson ?
Harboring ill feelings toward our brothers can lead to distorted judgments that are not based on the facts .
We can prevent our judgment from becoming clouded by refusing to allow envy and jealousy to take root in our hearts .
Instead of giving in to such bad feelings , may we recognize our obligation to love our brothers and freely forgive them from the heart . ​ — Read Colossians 3 : 12 - 14 .
19 , 20 . ( a ) What Bible principles will help us to evaluate information accurately ?
( b ) What will we examine in the next article ?
Obtaining the facts and evaluating them accurately present a challenge today because of the abundance of low - quality information , reports filled with half - truths , and our own imperfection .
What will help us with this challenging task ?
We must know and apply Bible principles . One such principle is that it is foolish and humiliating to reply to a matter before hearing the facts .
Another Bible principle reminds us not to accept every word without question .
And finally , no matter how much experience we have in Christian living , we must be careful not to lean on our own understanding .
Bible principles will safeguard us if we are certain to use facts from reliable sources to draw good conclusions and to make wise decisions .
But an additional challenge remains .
It is the tendency to judge matters based on the outward appearance .
In the next article , we will examine some common pitfalls in this area and see what can help us to avoid them .
See the 2004 Yearbook of Jehovah’s Witnesses , pp . 111 - 112 , and the 2008 Yearbook , pp . 133 - 135 .
“ Stop judging by the outward appearance , but judge with righteous judgment . ” ​ — JOHN 7 : 24 .
SONGS : 142 , 123
Acts 10 : 34 , 35
Leviticus 19 : 15
1 Timothy 4 : 12
What did Isaiah prophesy concerning Jesus , and why is this encouraging ?
THROUGH his prophecy about our Lord Jesus Christ , Isaiah warms and reassures our hearts .
Isaiah foretold that Jesus would “ not judge by what appears to his eyes , nor reprove simply according to what his ears hear . ” He would “ judge the lowly with fairness . ”
Why is this encouraging ?
Because we live in a world filled with bias and prejudice .
We all long for the perfect Judge , who will never judge us by our outward appearance !
What did Jesus command us to do , and what will we discuss in this article ?
Each day we make judgments about people .
Yet , as imperfect humans , we are not able to judge matters perfectly as Jesus does .
We tend to be influenced by what appears to our eyes .
Nonetheless , when Jesus was on earth , he commanded : “ Stop judging by the outward appearance , but judge with righteous judgment . ”
Clearly , Jesus wants us to be like him and not judge others by their outward appearance .
In this article , we will discuss three areas in which people are frequently influenced by what appears to their eyes : race or ethnicity , wealth , and age .
In each area , we will consider practical ways to obey Jesus ’ command .
3 , 4 . ( a ) What events led the apostle Peter to reevaluate his view of the Gentiles ?
( See opening picture . ) ( b ) What new truth did Jehovah help Peter to understand ?
Imagine the thoughts that were going through the apostle Peter’s mind when he was called to Caesarea to the home of the Gentile Cornelius .
Like other Jews of his time , Peter grew up believing that Gentiles were unclean .

Yet , Peter had experienced events that caused him to reevaluate that position .
For example , Peter had just had a miraculous vision .
What had Peter seen ?
A sheetlike vessel filled with unclean animals was lowered before him while a heavenly voice ordered : “ Get up , Peter , slaughter and eat ! ”
Peter firmly refused .
Then that heavenly voice told him to “ stop calling defiled the things God has cleansed . ”
As he awoke from the vision , Peter was perplexed as to what the voice was trying to tell him .
Just then , the messengers from Cornelius arrived .
After receiving direction from the holy spirit , Peter pressed forward and accompanied the messengers to the home of Cornelius .
If Peter had judged matters solely on outward appearance , he would never have entered the home of Cornelius .
Jews simply did not enter the homes of Gentiles .
Why did Peter move forward despite deep - seated prejudices ?
Peter was profoundly affected by the vision he had seen and by the reassurance he received from the holy spirit .
After he listened to what Cornelius related , Peter , no doubt moved by the account , declared under inspiration : “ Now I truly understand that God is not partial , but in every nation the man who fears him and does what is right is acceptable to him . ”
What a thrilling new understanding for Peter ​ — one with far - reaching implications !
How would this truth about being impartial affect all Christians ?
( a ) What does Jehovah want all Christians to understand ?
( b ) Despite our knowing the truth , what may linger within us ?
By means of Peter , Jehovah was helping all Christians to understand that He is not partial .
He places no significance on racial , ethnic , national , tribal , or linguistic differences .
Any man or woman who fears God and does what is right is acceptable to him .

No doubt , you acknowledge that this is true .
But what if you have grown up in a land or in a home filled with prejudice ?
While you might see yourself as being impartial , deep inside , prejudice may linger .
Even Peter , who had the privilege of revealing Jehovah’s impartiality , later manifested prejudice .
How can we listen to Jesus and stop judging by the outward appearance ?
( a ) What can help us to root out prejudiced attitudes from our hearts ?
( b ) What did one responsible brother’s report reveal ?
We need to examine ourselves carefully in the light of God’s Word to see if we are holding on to any prejudiced thoughts or feelings .
We might also need loving help from others who may see prejudiced attitudes in us , even if we cannot see them in ourselves .
It could be that these attitudes are so ingrained in us that we are not conscious of them .
Consider , for example , one responsible brother who submitted a report on a fine couple in full - time service .
The husband was from an ethnic minority frequently looked down on by others .
Apparently , the responsible brother was not aware that he himself harbored prejudiced views about this minority .
In his report , he said many fine things about the husband ; yet , he concluded by saying : “ Although he is of [ this nationality ] , his manners and way of life help others to understand that being [ from this ethnicity ] does not necessarily mean having a dirty , inferior lifestyle , typical of many from [ this ] descent . ”
Do you see the point ?
No matter what our responsibilities are , we must examine ourselves carefully and be willing to receive help so that we can identify any remaining traces of prejudice in our hearts .
What else can we do ?
How can we demonstrate that we are opening our heart wide ?
If we open our heart wide , we will allow love to replace prejudice .
Are you in the habit of having close association only with those of your own race , ethnicity , nationality , tribe , or language group ?
If so , widen out .
Why not invite those of a different background to work with you in the field ministry or invite them to your home for a meal or a gathering ?
If you do so , you will fill your heart with so much love that there will be no room for prejudice .
But there are additional areas in which we tend to judge others by their outward appearance .
Let us next consider material wealth .
According to Leviticus 19 : 15 , how can riches or poverty affect our judgment ?
Material wealth is another factor that can affect our view of others .
Leviticus 19 : 15 says : “ You must not show partiality to the poor or show preference to the rich . With justice you should judge your fellow man . ”
But how could a person’s wealth or his poverty affect the way we view him ?
What sad truth did Solomon record , and what does it teach us ?
Holy spirit moved Solomon to record a sad truth about imperfect humans .
At Proverbs 14 : 20 , he states : “ The poor man is hated even by his neighbors , but many are the friends of the rich person . ”
What does this proverb teach us ?
If we are not careful , we could desire the friendship of brothers who are wealthy while shunning brothers who are poor .
Why is it so dangerous to measure the value of others solely on the basis of their material wealth ?
What problem did James identify ?
If we judge others on the basis of their material wealth , we could create class distinctions in the congregation .
The disciple James warned that this problem was dividing some congregations in the first century .
( Read James 2 : 1 - 4 . )
We must be on guard not to allow this thinking to affect our congregations today .
How can we fight against such judgments based on the outward appearance ?
How does a person’s material possessions affect his relationship with Jehovah ?
Explain .
We need to see our brothers as Jehovah sees them .
A person is not precious to Jehovah because he is wealthy or because he is poor .
Our relationship with Jehovah will never be determined by how many material possessions we have or by what we lack .
While it is true that Jesus said that “ it will be difficult for a rich man to enter the Kingdom of the heavens , ” he did not say that it would be impossible .
On the other hand , Jesus also said : “ Happy are you who are poor , for yours is the Kingdom of God . ”
Yet , this did not mean that all poor people were specially blessed and responded to the teaching of Jesus .
Many poor people did not respond .
The point is , We simply cannot judge a person’s relationship with Jehovah by his material possessions .
What instruction do the Scriptures provide to the rich and to the poor ?
We are blessed to have many brothers and sisters , rich and poor , who love and serve Jehovah with a complete heart .
The Scriptures instruct those who are rich “ to place their hope , not on uncertain riches , but on God . ”
( Read 1 Timothy 6 : 17 - 19 . )
At the same time , God’s Word admonishes all of God’s people , rich and poor , to be careful not to love money .
Indeed , when we open our eyes and see our brothers as Jehovah sees them , we will not be tempted to judge them solely on what they have or do not have materially .
But what about a person’s age ?
Is that a sound basis for judging others ?
Let us see .
What do the Scriptures teach us concerning respect for older ones ?
The Scriptures frequently instruct us to show proper respect for older ones .
Leviticus 19 : 32 says : “ Before gray hair you should rise up , and you must show honor to an older man , and you must be in fear of your God . ”
Proverbs 16 : 31 similarly instructs us that “ gray hair is a crown of beauty when it is found in the way of righteousness . ”
Then , too , Paul admonished Timothy not to criticize an older man severely but to view such an older brother as a father .
Although Timothy had a measure of authority over such older brothers , he was to treat them with compassion and respect .
In what circumstance might it be proper for us to give needed counsel or discipline to a person who is older than we are ?
However , how far would we take that principle ?
For example , should we feel obligated to defer to someone older if he is willfully sinning or is advocating something displeasing to Jehovah ?
Jehovah will not judge by the outward appearance and will not excuse a willful sinner simply because he is older .
Note the principle found at Isaiah 65 : 20 : “ The sinner will be cursed , even though he is a hundred years of age . ”
A similar principle is demonstrated in Ezekiel’s vision .
Thus , our main concern must always be to show respect for the Ancient of Days , Jehovah God .
If we do so , we will not be afraid to correct a person needing counsel , regardless of his age . ​ — Gal .
6 : 1 .
Do you show respect for younger brothers ?
( See paragraph 15 )
What lesson do we learn from the apostle Paul about showing respect for younger brothers ?
What about younger brothers in the congregation ?
How do you view them ?
To the young man Timothy , the apostle Paul wrote : “ Never let anyone look down on your youth . Instead , become an example to the faithful ones in speaking , in conduct , in love , in faith , in chasteness . ”
At the time that Paul wrote these words , Timothy may have been in his early 30 ’ s .
Yet , Paul had assigned him to care for weighty responsibilities .
Regardless of the underlying reason for this counsel , the point is clear .
We must not judge younger brothers simply based on their age .
We do well to remember that even our Lord Jesus carried out his entire earthly ministry while he was in his early 30 ’ s .
16 , 17 . ( a ) How do elders determine if a brother is qualified to be recommended as a ministerial servant or an elder ?
( b ) How might personal or cultural viewpoints conflict with the Scriptures ?
We may be part of a culture that tends to look down on younger men .
If so , elders in the congregation may hesitate to recommend qualified young brothers to serve as ministerial servants or elders .
All elders do well to remember that the Scriptures do not give a minimum age for a man to be recommended as a ministerial servant or an elder .
If an elder establishes a rule based on culture , he is not acting according to the Scriptures .
Younger men must be evaluated , not by personal or cultural viewpoints , but by the measuring stick of God’s Word . ​ — 2 Tim .
3 : 16 , 17 .
Consider how such unscriptural cultural views can hold back qualified brothers .
In one country , a well - qualified ministerial servant was entrusted with weighty responsibilities .
Although the elders in his congregation agreed that the young brother met the Scriptural qualifications of an elder to a reasonable degree , he was not recommended for appointment .
A few older elders insisted that the brother looked too young to be viewed as an elder .
Sadly , the brother was held back from appointment simply because of the way he looked .
Although this is only one experience , reports indicate that this way of thinking affects many in various parts of the world .
How important it is that we rely on the Scriptures rather than on our own cultural or personal viewpoints !
That is the only way to obey Jesus and stop judging by the outward appearance .
18 , 19 .
What does it take for us to see others as Jehovah sees them ?
In spite of our human imperfection , we can learn to see others through the impartial eyes of Jehovah .
But it takes continual effort on our part and constant reminders from God’s Word .
By applying these reminders , we will progress in obeying the command of Jesus to stop judging by the outward appearance . ​ — John 7 : 24 .
Soon our King , Jesus Christ , will judge all mankind , not by what appears to his eyes or by what his ears hear , but by righteous judgment .
How wonderful that will be !
LIFE STORY
As told by Maxim Danyleyko
“ DADDY , ” “ PAPA , ” “ UNCLE . ”
That is how many young ones at Bethel have often addressed me .
And as an 89 - year - old , I like it .
I view these expressions of affection as part of the reward from Jehovah for my having served him for 72 years in full - time service .
And based on my experiences in God’s service , I am able to assure these young ones from my heart , ‘ Your activity will be rewarded ​ — if you do not let your hands drop . ’ ​ — 2 Chron . 15 : 7 , ftn .
My parents immigrated to Canada from Ukraine .
They settled in the town of Rossburn in the province of Manitoba .
My loving mother bore 8 boys and 8 girls , no twins ​ — I was number 14 .

Father loved the Bible and read it to us on Sunday mornings , but he viewed religion as a money - making scheme and often jokingly asked , “ I wonder who paid Jesus for his preaching and teaching ? ”
Eight of my siblings ​ — four brothers and four sisters — ​ eventually accepted the truth .
My sister Rose pioneered until her death .
She spent her final days encouraging everyone to pay attention to God’s Word , saying , “ I want to see you in the new world . ”

My older brother Ted was at first a hellfire preacher .
Every Sunday morning he preached on the radio , hammering away at his listeners , telling them that sinners would burn forever in the unquenchable fire of hell .
Later , however , he became a faithful and zealous servant of Jehovah .
One day in June 1944 when I came home from school , I found a booklet entitled The Coming World Regeneration * on our dining - room table .
I read the first page , then the second , and then I could not stop reading .
After I had finished reading the whole booklet , my mind was made up ​ — I wanted to serve Jehovah just as Jesus did .
How did the booklet end up on our table ?
My older brother Steve said that two men “ selling ” books and booklets had been at our home .
“ I bought that one , ” he said , “ because it only cost five cents . ”
The men returned the following Sunday .
They told us that they were Jehovah’s Witnesses and that they used the Bible to answer questions that people might have .
We appreciated that because our parents had brought us up to respect God’s Word .
The two men also told us that the Witnesses would soon have a convention in Winnipeg , the city where my sister Elsie lived .

I decided to attend the convention .
I pedaled my bicycle for the roughly 200 miles ( 320 km ) to Winnipeg but stopped along the way in the town of Kelwood , where the two Witnesses who had visited our home were living .
While I stayed there , I attended a meeting and learned what a congregation was .
I also came to realize that every man , woman , and youth should be a house - to - house teacher , as Jesus was .
In Winnipeg , I met my older brother Jack , who had traveled to the convention from northern Ontario .
On the first day of the convention , a brother announced that there would be a baptism .
Jack and I decided to get baptized at that convention .
We were both determined to begin to serve as pioneers as soon as possible after our baptism .

Jack entered the full - time service right after the convention .
I was 16 years old and had to return to school , but the following year I too became a regular pioneer .
Together with Stan Nicolson , I began pioneer service in Souris , a town in the province of Manitoba .
I soon learned that pioneering was not always smooth sailing .
We saw our funds diminishing , but we plodded on .
One time after preaching all day , we headed home with not a single penny left and very hungry .
What a surprise it was to find a big sack of food at our door !
To this day , we do not know who put it there .
That evening , we ate like kings .
What a reward for not having let our hands drop !
In fact , at the end of that month , I weighed more than I had ever weighed in my life .
A few months later , we were assigned to the town of Gilbert Plains , located about 150 miles ( 240 km ) north of Souris .
In those days , each congregation had a large chart on the platform that showed the field service activity of the congregation month by month .
When the activity dropped one month , I gave a talk to the congregation to stress that the brothers and sisters needed to do better .
After the meeting , an elderly pioneer sister , whose husband was not in the truth , said to me with tears in her eyes , “ I tried , but I just couldn’t do more than what I did . ”
Then it was my turn to cry , and I apologized to her .
As was the case with me , energetic young brothers can easily make slips like that and then feel disappointed with themselves .
But I have experienced that instead of letting the hands drop , it is best to learn a lesson from a mistake and remember that lesson as you move on .
Further faithful activity will be rewarded .
What a privilege it was for me as a 21 - year - old to attend the 14th class of Gilead School , which graduated in February 1950 !
About a quarter of my classmates were sent to the French - speaking province of Quebec , Canada , where religious persecution against the Witnesses ran rampant .
I was assigned to Val - d’Or , a town in the gold - mining country .
One day , a group of us went preaching in the nearby village of Val - Senneville .
The local priest threatened us with violence if we did not leave the village at once .
His threat led to a court case in which I was a plaintiff .
The priest was fined .
*
That incident and many similar ones became part of the “ Battle of Quebec . ”
The province of Quebec had been controlled by the Roman Catholic Church for more than 300 years .
The clergy and their political allies persecuted Jehovah’s Witnesses .
It was not an easy time , and we were few in number ; but we did not let our hands drop .
Honesthearted Quebecers responded .
I had the privilege of studying with several individuals who accepted the truth .
One of my Bible studies was with a family of ten .
The entire family began to serve Jehovah .
Their courageous example incited others to leave the Catholic Church .
We kept preaching , and eventually the battle was won !
In 1956 , I was reassigned to serve in Haiti .
Most new missionaries there struggled to learn French , but people listened .
Missionary Stanley Boggus stated , “ We were amazed that people did all they could to help us express ourselves . ”
At first , I had an advantage because of having learned French in Quebec .
But soon we realized that most local brothers spoke only Haitian Creole .
So if we missionaries were to be effective , we had to learn the local language .
We did , and we were rewarded for our efforts .
To help the brothers further , we received approval from the Governing Body to translate The Watchtower and other publications into Haitian Creole .

Meeting attendance throughout the country soared .
There were 99 publishers in Haiti in 1950 , but that number rose to over 800 publishers by 1960 !
At that time , I was assigned to serve at Bethel .
In 1961 , I had the joy of sharing in conducting the Kingdom Ministry School .
We were able to give training to 40 congregation overseers and special pioneers .
At the convention in January 1962 , we encouraged qualified local brothers to expand their ministry , and some were appointed as special pioneers .
This proved to be timely because opposition loomed .
On January 23 , 1962 , just after the convention , missionary Andrew D’Amico and I were arrested at the branch office , and the stock of Awake !
of January 8 , 1962 ( in French ) , was confiscated .
Awake !
had quoted French newspapers that reported that voodoo was practiced in Haiti .
Some did not like that statement and claimed that we had written the article at the branch .
A few weeks later , the missionaries were deported .
* But the trained local brothers carried on magnificently .
Today , I rejoice with them over the endurance they showed and the spiritual progress they made .
They now even have the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in Haitian Creole ​ — something we could only have dreamed of back then .
After serving in Haiti , I was assigned to serve as a missionary in the Central African Republic .
Later , I had the privilege of serving there as a traveling overseer and then as branch overseer .
In those days , many Kingdom Halls were extremely simple .
I learned how to collect straw in the bush and how to thatch a roof .
Seeing me struggle with this new trade was quite a spectacle for passersby .


It also encouraged the brothers to become more involved in constructing and maintaining their own Kingdom Halls .
Religious leaders mocked us because their churches had tin roofs and ours did not .
Undeterred , we continued with our simple straw - roofed Kingdom Halls .
The mockery stopped when a severe storm hit Bangui , the capital .
It lifted the tin roof off a church and crashed it down onto the main street .
The thatched roofs on our Kingdom Halls stayed put .
To provide better supervision for the Kingdom work , we constructed a new branch office and missionary home in only five months to the day .
*
On our wedding day
In 1976 the Kingdom work was banned in the Central African Republic , and I was assigned to N’Djamena , the capital of neighboring Chad .
On the positive side , I met Happy , a zealous special pioneer , originally from Cameroon .
We married on April 1 , 1978 .
That same month , civil war broke out , and like many , we fled to the south of the country .
When the fighting was over , we returned to find that our home had become the headquarters of an armed group .
Gone was not only the literature but also Happy’s wedding dress and our wedding gifts .
But we did not let our hands drop .
We still had each other and looked forward to further activity .
About two years later , the ban in the Central African Republic was lifted .
We returned there and served in the traveling work .
Our home was a van with a folding bed , a barrel that could hold 53 gallons ( 200 L ) of water , a propane - gas refrigerator , and a gas burner .
Travel was difficult .
On one trip , we were stopped at no less than 117 police checkpoints .
Temperatures often rose to 122 degrees Fahrenheit ( 50 ° C ) .
At assemblies , it was sometimes difficult to find enough water for the baptism .
So the brothers dug into dry river beds and little by little collected sufficient water for the baptism , which was often performed in a barrel .
In 1980 we were transferred to Nigeria .
There , for two - and - a - half years , we helped with the preparations for the construction of the new branch .
The brothers had purchased a two - story warehouse that was to be dismantled and then set up on our site .
One morning , I climbed up pretty high on the building to help with dismantling .
Toward noon , I started climbing back down the same way I had come up .
But the dismantling had changed things , and I stepped into air ​ — and down I went .
My condition looked quite serious , but after X - rays and an examination , the doctor told Happy : “ Don’t worry .
He has just torn some ligaments and will be OK in a week or so . ”
On our way to an assembly using “ public transportation ”
In 1986 we were off to Côte d’Ivoire , where we served in the traveling work .
That work took us up to neighboring Burkina Faso .
Never could I have imagined that years later , Burkina would become our home for a time .
While we were in the traveling work , our home was a van
I left Canada in 1956 , but in 2003 , after an absence of 47 years , I was back at Bethel in Canada and this time with Happy .
On paper we were Canadians , but we felt that we belonged in Africa .
Conducting a Bible study in Burkina Faso
Then in 2007 , when I was 79 years old , it was off to Africa again !
We were assigned to Burkina Faso , where I helped as a member of the Country Committee .
The office was later converted into a remote translation office under the Benin branch , and in August 2013 , we were assigned to Bethel in Benin .
With Happy , while serving at the Benin branch
In spite of my physical limitations , the ministry is still dear to my heart .
During the past three years , with the kind help of the elders and the loving support of my wife , I have had the joy of seeing two of my Bible students , Gédéon and Frégis , get baptized .
They now zealously serve Jehovah .
In the meantime , my wife and I were transferred to the branch in South Africa , where the Bethel family kindly provides for my health needs .
South Africa is the seventh country in Africa where I have been privileged to serve .
Then in October 2017 , we received an outstanding blessing . We were able to attend the dedication of the world headquarters in Warwick , New York .
What an unforgettable event that was !
The 1994 Yearbook states on page 255 : “ To all who have endured in the work for many years , we exhort : ‘ Be courageous and do not let your hands drop down , because there exists a reward for your activity . ’ ​ — 2 Chron . 15 : 7 . ”
Happy and I are determined to follow this exhortation and to encourage others to do the same .
Published by Jehovah’s Witnesses in 1944 .
Now out of print .
See the article “ Quebec Priest Convicted for Attack on Jehovah’s Witnesses ” in Awake !
of November 8 , 1953 , pp .
3 - 5 . Details are described in the 1994 Yearbook of Jehovah’s Witnesses , pp . 148 - 150 .
See “ Building on a Solid Foundation ” in Awake ! , May 8 , 1966 , p .
27 .
LOVE
JOY
PEACE
PATIENCE
KINDNESS
GOODNESS
FAITH
MILDNESS
SELF - CONTROL
BECAUSE of the increasing pressures of “ the last days , ” Jehovah’s people need patience more than ever before .
We are surrounded by a world in which people are often lovers of themselves , not open to any agreement , and without self - control .
Those who display such characteristics are frequently anything but patient .
Hence , each Christian should ask himself : ‘ Has the world’s impatience rubbed off on me ?
What does it mean to be truly patient ?
And how can I make this outstanding Christian quality a permanent part of my personality ? ’
In the Biblical sense of the word , patience is more than simply putting up with a trying situation .
A person with godly patience endures with a purpose .
He sees beyond his own needs and considers the welfare of the one causing a disagreeable situation .
For this reason , when a patient person is wronged or provoked , he refuses to give up hope for improvement in the disturbed relationship .
Little wonder , then , that the Bible lists being “ patient ” as the first of many fine qualities that stem from love .
* God’s Word also includes “ patience ” as an aspect of “ the fruitage of the spirit . ”
What , though , does cultivating this godly quality require of us ?
To cultivate the quality of patience , we must pray for the help of Jehovah’s spirit , which he gives to those who trust in him and rely on him .
As powerful as God’s spirit is , however , we need to do our part and work in harmony with our prayers .
This means that we must do our best to exercise patience each day in order for this quality to take root in our heart .
Yet , even then , we may need to do more to make patience a permanent aspect of our personality .
What else can help us ?
We can develop patience by examining and imitating Jesus ’ perfect example .
In harmony with that example , the apostle Paul under inspiration described “ the new personality , ” which includes “ patience , ” and then he urged us to “ let the peace of the Christ rule in [ our ] hearts . ”
We can let such peace “ rule ” in our hearts by imitating Jesus ’ unbreakable faith that in His due time , God will correct matters that concern us .
When we follow Jesus ’ example , we will not be provoked into losing our patience , no matter what may be happening around us . ​ — John 14 : 27 ; 16 : 33 .
Although we are eager to see God’s promised new world , we learn to be more patient when we meditate on Jehovah’s patience with us .
The Scriptures assure us : “ Jehovah is not slow concerning his promise , as some people consider slowness , but he is patient with you because he does not desire anyone to be destroyed but desires all to attain to repentance . ”
As we contemplate Jehovah’s patience with us , are we not moved to be more patient with others ?
With that in mind , what are some circumstances that call for patience ?
Many everyday situations may test our patience .
For example , if you feel that you have something important to say , you may need to exercise patience in order to avoid interrupting others .
You might also need to show patience when associating with fellow believers whose habits irritate you .
Instead of overreacting to such things , you are wise to consider how Jehovah and Jesus react to our weaknesses .
They do not focus a critical eye on our minor failings .
Rather , they see our good qualities and patiently observe our efforts to improve . ​ — 1 Tim .
1 : 16 ; 1 Pet . 3 : 12 .
Another situation that may test our patience is when someone suggests that we said or did something wrong .
All too often , we may be quick to take offense and justify ourselves .
However , God’s Word recommends a different response .
It states : “ Better to be patient than to be haughty in spirit .
Do not be quick to take offense , for the taking of offense lodges in the bosom of fools . ”
Hence , even if an accusation is completely untrue , we should patiently weigh our response .
Jesus followed that principle when others unjustly ridiculed him . ​ — Matt .
11 : 19 .
Parents especially need to show patience when they find it necessary to address any wrong attitudes , desires , or leanings that may develop in their children .
Consider the case of Mattias , who serves as a member of the Scandinavia Bethel family .
As a teenager , Mattias endured endless taunting at school because of his beliefs .
At first , his parents were unaware of this .
Nevertheless , they had to deal with the effect that this opposition had on their son , who began to question whether he had the truth .
“ The situation required a lot of patience , ” recalls Mattias ’ father , Gillis .
Mattias would ask : “ Who is God ?
What if the Bible is not God’s Word ?
How do we know that it is actually God who wants this or that from us ? ”

He would also say to his father : “ Why am I to be judged if I don’t feel and believe as you do ? ”
“ Sometimes , ” explains Gillis , “ our son’s questions were expressed in anger , not against his mother or me , but against the truth , which he felt made life so difficult for him . ”
How did Gillis handle this situation ?
“ My son and I would sit and talk for hours at a time .
Mostly I listened and asked occasional questions to get the full picture of his feelings and views .
Sometimes I gave him an explanation to think about for a day or so before we resumed our discussion .
At other times , I would say that I needed a few days to think about a viewpoint he had expressed .
By means of these regular conversations , Mattias slowly progressed in his understanding and acceptance of such teachings as the ransom , God’s sovereignty , and Jehovah’s love .
It took time , and it was often difficult , but slowly , love for Jehovah grew in his heart .
My wife and I are so happy that our patient efforts to help our son through his teenage years paid off and reached his heart . ”
Gillis and his wife trusted in Jehovah’s support as they patiently worked with their son .
Looking back , Gillis says : “ I often told Mattias that our deep love for him moved his mother and me to pray even more intensely that Jehovah would help him to understand . ”
How thankful those parents are that they exercised the vital quality of patience !
In addition to providing spiritual help , true Christians must cultivate loving patience when providing care for chronically ill family members or friends .
Consider the example of Ellen , * who also lives in Scandinavia .
About eight years ago , Ellen’s husband was afflicted with two strokes that damaged the functions of his brain .
As a result , he is no longer able to feel compassion , happiness , or sorrow .
The situation is very demanding for Ellen .
She says : “ It has taken a lot of patience and many prayers . ”
She adds : “ My favorite scripture that brings me comfort is Philippians 4 : 13 , which says : ‘ For all things I have the strength through the one who gives me power . ’ ”
Thanks to that power , Ellen endures patiently with full confidence in Jehovah’s support . ​ — Ps . 62 : 5 , 6 .
Of course , when it comes to exercising patience , Jehovah is the most outstanding example for us to follow .
There are many accounts in God’s Word of times when Jehovah displayed great patience .
For instance , how did Jehovah react when Abraham questioned His decision to destroy Sodom ?
First of all , Jehovah did not interrupt as Abraham spoke .
Instead , Jehovah listened patiently to each of Abraham’s questions and concerns .
Then , Jehovah showed that he had listened as he repeated Abraham’s concerns and assured him that He would not destroy Sodom even if just ten righteous men were found in that city .
What a fine example of patient listening and of not overreacting !

Godly patience truly is a vital part of the new personality with which all Christians must clothe themselves .
If we work hard to develop this valuable and enduring quality , we honor our caring and patient heavenly Father , and we will be counted among “ those who through faith and patience inherit the promises . ” ​ — Heb .
6 : 10 - 12 .
The quality of love was discussed in the first article of this nine - part series on the fruitage of God’s holy spirit .
Name has been changed .
FROM OUR ARCHIVES
AS THE Atlantic waves battered the ship on its journey toward Europe , one of the passengers , George Young , reflected with satisfaction on the Kingdom fruitage he had left behind in Brazil .
* However , as the journey continued , Brother Young turned his attention to his new assignment ​ — the largely untouched territories of Spain and Portugal .
Once there , he hoped to arrange Bible lectures to be given by Brother J .
F .
Rutherford and to distribute 300,000 tracts !
George Young traversed the seas on many preaching journeys
Upon his arrival in Lisbon in the spring of 1925 , Brother Young found a turbulent scene .
The republican revolution of 1910 had ended the monarchy and stripped the Catholic Church of its favored status .
The population obtained greater freedoms , but civil unrest continued in the country .
Just as Brother Young made arrangements for Brother Rutherford’s talk , the government imposed martial law because of an attempted coup d’état .
The secretary of the British and Foreign Bible Society warned Brother Young that he surely would meet much opposition .
Even so , Brother Young requested a permit for the Camões Secondary School gymnasium , and permission was granted !
Then , May 13 arrived ​ — the day scheduled for Brother Rutherford’s lecture .
Anticipation ran high !
Placards on buildings and newspaper advertisements announced the public lecture “ How to Live on the Earth Forever . ”
The religious opposers hurriedly published an article in their newspaper to warn its readers against the newly arrived “ false prophets . ”
At the entrance of the gymnasium , the opposers also handed out thousands of brochures with information directed against the teachings presented by Brother Rutherford .
Nevertheless , some 2,000 people packed the venue , with an equal number having to be turned away .

Some intrigued listeners hung from rope ladders on the sides of the gymnasium ; others perched atop the exercise equipment .
Not all went smoothly .
Opposers shouted and smashed chairs .
But Brother Rutherford kept his poise and calmly climbed onto a table to make himself heard .
After he finished ​ — close to midnight — ​ over 1,200 interested ones left their names and addresses in order to receive Bible literature .
The very next day , the newspaper O Século published an article about Brother Rutherford’s lecture .
By September 1925 , the Portuguese - language edition of The Watch Tower began to be published in Portugal .
( Earlier , a Portuguese - language edition had already appeared in Brazil . )
About that time , Virgílio Ferguson , a Bible Student in Brazil , began making plans to move to Portugal to help with the Kingdom work .
Earlier , he had worked with Brother Young in the small branch office of the Bible Students in Brazil .
Before long , Virgílio set sail with his wife , Lizzie , to join Brother Young again .
Brother Ferguson’s arrival was timely because Brother Young would soon move to other preaching assignments , including the Soviet Union .
Residence permit of Lizzie and Virgílio Ferguson , 1928
When a military coup installed a dictatorship in Portugal , opposition increased .
Brother Ferguson stood his ground and took steps to protect the small group of Bible Students and bolster their activities .
He sought permission to use his home for regular meetings .
In October 1927 , that permission was granted .
During the first year of the dictatorship , about 450 people in Portugal subscribed to The Watch Tower .
In addition , through tracts and booklets , the word of truth spread to the far reaches of the Portuguese Empire ​ — Angola , the Azores , Cape Verde , East Timor , Goa , Madeira , and Mozambique .
In the late 1920 ’ s , a humble Portuguese gardener , Manuel da Silva Jordão , came to Lisbon .
While living in Brazil , he had heard a public talk given by Brother Young .
He readily recognized the ring of truth and was eager to help Brother Ferguson to expand the preaching work .
To do so , Manuel began to serve as a colporteur , as pioneers were then called .
With the printing and distribution of Bible literature now well - organized , the fledgling congregation in Lisbon thrived !
In 1934 , Brother and Sister Ferguson had to return to Brazil .
However , the seeds of truth had been sown .
Amid the upheaval in Europe during the Spanish Civil War and World War II , the faithful group of brothers in Portugal managed to survive spiritually .

For a while they resembled glowing embers , but in 1947 the group’s fire was rekindled , so to speak , when the first Gilead - trained missionary , John Cooke , arrived .
After that , the growth in the number of Kingdom proclaimers was unstoppable .
Even when the government banned the activities of Jehovah’s Witnesses in 1962 , the increase continued .
In December 1974 when Jehovah’s Witnesses gained legal recognition , there were more than 13,000 publishers in the country .
Today , over 50,000 Kingdom publishers preach the good news of God’s Kingdom in Portugal and on several islands where Portuguese is spoken , including the Azores and Madeira .
Among these publishers today are third - generation descendants of some of those who attended Brother Rutherford’s historic lecture in 1925 .
We give thanks to Jehovah and to those early faithful brothers and sisters who courageously took the lead in spearheading the work as ‘ public servants of Christ Jesus to the nations . ’ ​ — Rom . 15 : 15 , 16 . ​ — From our archives in Portugal .
See “ There Is More Harvest Work to Be Done ” in The Watchtower , May 15 , 2014 , pp . 31 - 32 .
“ Let your brotherly love continue . ” ​ — HEBREWS 13 : 1 .
SONGS : 72 , 119
What is brotherly love ?
Why is it so important to continue to show brotherly love ?
How can we show our brotherly love ?
1 , 2 .
Why did Paul write a letter to the Hebrew Christians ?
IN THE year 61 , the congregations throughout Israel enjoyed relative peace .
Although the apostle Paul was in prison in Rome , he hoped to be released soon .
His traveling partner Timothy had just been freed from prison , and together they hoped to visit the brothers in Judea .
In just five years though , Christians in Judea , and especially those living in Jerusalem , would have to act quickly .
Why ?
Earlier , Jesus had told his followers that as soon as they saw Jerusalem surrounded by soldiers , they would need to flee . ​ — Luke 21 : 20 - 24 .
It had been 28 years since Jesus gave his followers that warning .
During that time , the Christians in Israel remained faithful despite much persecution and many trials .
But Paul wanted to prepare them for what would happen in the future .
They were about to experience one of the biggest tests of their faith .
They would need endurance and faith like never before in order to obey Jesus ’ words to flee , and their lives would depend on it .
( Read Hebrews 10 : 36 - 39 . )
So Jehovah inspired Paul to write to those dear brothers and sisters .
That letter , now called the book of Hebrews , was designed to strengthen them for what would happen .
Why should we be interested in the book of Hebrews ?
As God’s people today , we should be interested in the book of Hebrews .
Why ?
Because our situation is similar to that of the Christians in Judea .
We live in “ critical times hard to deal with , ” and many have faithfully endured serious trials or persecution .
But most of us enjoy peaceful circumstances and do not experience direct persecution .
So , like the Christians in Paul’s time , we need to be alert .
Why ?
Very soon , we will experience the biggest test of our faith ! ​ — Read Luke 21 : 34 - 36 .
What is the yeartext for 2016 , and why is it appropriate ?
What will help us to prepare for this future event ?
In the book of Hebrews , Paul stated many things that will help to strengthen our faith .
One very important reminder is found at Hebrews 13 : 1 .
It encourages us : “ Let your brotherly love continue . ”
That verse has been selected to be the yeartext for 2016 .
Our yeartext for 2016 : “ Let your brotherly love continue . ” ​ — Hebrews 13 : 1
What is brotherly love ?
What is brotherly love ?
The original Greek word Paul used literally means “ affection for a brother . ”
Brotherly love is a strong , warm feeling between family members or close friends .
We do not pretend to be brothers and sisters .
We are brothers and sisters .
Paul says : “ In brotherly love have tender affection for one another . In showing honor to one another , take the lead . ”
Those words show how strong our affection is for our brothers .
This brotherly love , along with love based on Christian principles , helps God’s people to be close friends with one another and to be united .
How do true Christians understand the meaning of brotherly love ?
The expression “ brotherly love ” is mostly found in Christian literature .
For Jews in the past , the word “ brother ” usually referred to a relative and sometimes to a person outside the family .
But it would never include someone who was not Jewish .
However , as true Christians , our “ brother ” is any true Christian , no matter what country he or she comes from .
Jehovah has taught us to love one another as brothers .
But why is it important to continue to show brotherly love ?
( a ) What is the most important reason for us to show brotherly love ?
( b ) Give another reason why it is important to strengthen our affection for one another .
The most important reason to show brotherly love is that Jehovah tells us to do so .
We cannot really love Jehovah if we refuse to love our brothers .
Another reason is that we need one another , especially during difficult times .
When Paul wrote his letter to the Hebrew Christians , he knew that soon some would have to leave their homes and personal things .
Jesus had described how difficult that time would be .
So before that time came , those Christians would need to strengthen their love for one another . ​ — Romans 12 : 9 .
We need to strengthen our brotherly love now because it will help us to endure whatever trials we may have in the future
What do we need to do now before the start of the great tribulation ?
The greatest tribulation in mankind’s history is coming soon .
We will need to obey the counsel : “ Go , my people , enter your inner rooms , and shut your doors behind you . Hide yourself for a brief moment until the wrath has passed by . ”
Those “ inner rooms ” may refer to our congregations .
That is where we worship Jehovah with our brothers and sisters .
But we must do more than just meet together regularly .
Paul reminded the Hebrew Christians that they should encourage one another to show love and to do good for one another .
We need to strengthen our brotherly love now because it will help us to endure whatever trials we may have in the future .
( a ) What opportunities do we have to show brotherly love today ?
( b ) Give examples of how Jehovah’s people have shown brotherly love .
We have many opportunities to show brotherly love even today , before the great tribulation begins .
Many of our brothers suffer because of earthquakes , floods , hurricanes , tsunamis , or other natural disasters .
Some brothers endure persecution .
And there are daily economic difficulties as a result of living in this corrupt world .
However , the more problems our brothers have , the more opportunities we have to show how much we love them .
Even though this world does not show love , we need to continue showing brotherly love . ​ — See endnote .

What will we now examine ?
Despite the problems we have , how can we make sure that we continue to show brotherly love ?
How can we prove that we have this type of affection for our brothers ?
After saying “ let your brotherly love continue , ” the apostle Paul listed several ways that Christians can do this .
Let us now examine six of them .
11 , 12 .
What does it mean to show hospitality ?
( See opening picture . )
“ Do not forget hospitality . ”
( Read Hebrews 13 : 2 . )
What does the word “ hospitality ” mean ?
The word Paul used literally means “ kindness to strangers . ”
Perhaps that expression reminds us of Abraham and Lot .
Those two men showed kindness to visitors they did not know .
Eventually , Abraham and Lot learned that those strangers were actually angels .
These examples encouraged the Hebrew Christians to show brotherly love by being hospitable .
How can we show hospitality to others ?
We can invite our brothers and sisters to our home for a meal or for some encouragement .
Even though we may not know our circuit overseer and his wife very well , we can invite them when they visit our congregation .
We do not need to make a big meal or spend a lot of money .
Our goal is to encourage our brothers , not to impress them with what we have .
And we should not invite only those who can repay us in some way .
What is most important is that we are never so busy that we forget to show hospitality !
13 , 14 .
How can we “ keep in mind those in prison ” ?
“ Keep in mind those in prison . ”
( Read Hebrews 13 : 3 . )
When Paul wrote this , he was referring to the brothers who were in prison for their faith .
Paul commended the congregation because they had shown “ sympathy for those in prison . ”
Some brothers helped Paul during the four years he was in prison , but others lived far away .
How could they help Paul ?
They could keep praying intensely for him . ​ — Philippians 1 : 12 - 14 ; Hebrews 13 : 18 , 19 .
We can pray for the brothers , sisters , and even children who are in prison in Eritrea
Today , many Witnesses are in prison for their faith .
Brothers and sisters who live close by can help them with practical things .
But many of us live far from those in prison .
How can we help them and not forget them ?
Brotherly love will motivate us to pray intensely for them .
For example , we can pray for the brothers , sisters , and even children who are in prison in Eritrea , including our brothers Paulos Eyassu , Isaac Mogos , and Negede Teklemariam , who are still in prison after 20 years .
How can we honor our marriage ?
“ Let marriage be honorable among all . ”
( Read Hebrews 13 : 4 . )
We can also show brotherly love by being morally clean .
For example , if we were to commit sexual immorality with a brother or a sister , we would harm that person and that person’s family .
The trust we have among our brothers would be damaged .
Think , too , about how a wife would feel if she discovered that her husband watches pornography .
Would she feel that her husband loves her and respects the marriage arrangement ? ​ — Matthew 5 : 28 .
How does contentment help us to show brotherly love ?
Be “ content with the present things . ”
( Read Hebrews 13 : 5 . )
Trust in Jehovah will help us to be content , that is , to be satisfied with what we have .
How does this help us to show brotherly love ?
When we are content , we will remember that our Christian brothers and sisters are much more important than money or things .
We will not complain about our brothers or about our situation in life .
And we will not be jealous of others or greedy .
Instead , when we are content , we will be generous . ​ — 1 Timothy 6 : 17 - 19 .
How does being “ of good courage ” help us to show brotherly love ?
“ Be of good courage . ”
( Read Hebrews 13 : 6 . )
Trust in Jehovah gives us the courage to endure difficult trials .
This courage helps us to have a positive attitude .
And when we are positive , we can show our brotherly love by encouraging and comforting our brothers and sisters .
Even during the great tribulation , we can be courageous , knowing that our deliverance is near . ​ — Luke 21 : 25 - 28 .
We can be courageous , knowing that our deliverance is near


How can we strengthen our brotherly love for our elders ?
“ Remember those who are taking the lead . ”
( Read Hebrews 13 : 7 , 17 . )
The elders in our congregation use their personal time to work hard for us .
When we think about all that they do , our love and appreciation for them grows .
We would never want them to lose their joy or become frustrated because of something we do .
Instead , we want to obey willingly .
This way we “ give them extraordinary consideration in love because of their work . ” ​ — 1 Thessalonians 5 : 13 .
Do you appreciate the work that elders do for us ?
( See paragraph 18 )
19 , 20 .
How can we continue to show brotherly love in a greater way ?
Jehovah’s people are known for their brotherly love .
The same was true in Paul’s day .
But Paul encouraged the brothers to show love in an even greater way .
He said : “ Go on doing so in fuller measure . ”
Clearly , there is always room for improvement !
So as we look at our yeartext in our Kingdom Hall during this year , let us meditate on these questions : Can I be more hospitable ?
How can I help our brothers in prison ?
Do I honor God’s arrangement of marriage ?
What will help me to be truly content ?
How can I trust in Jehovah more ?
How can I be more obedient to those who are taking the lead ?
If we work to improve in these six areas , the yeartext will not be just a sign on the wall ; it will remind us to obey Paul’s words : “ Let your brotherly love continue . ” ​ — Hebrews 13 : 1 .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 9 ) For examples of how Jehovah’s Witnesses show brotherly love in times of disaster , see the July 15 , 2002 , Watchtower , pages 8 - 9 , and Jehovah’s Witnesses ​ — Proclaimers of God’s Kingdom , chapter 19 . Brotherly love : A strong , warm feeling between family members or close friends . As Jehovah’s Witnesses , we do not pretend to be brothers and sisters . We are brothers and sisters
“ Thanks be to God for his indescribable free gift . ” ​ — 2 CORINTHIANS 9 : 15 .
SONGS : 121 , 63
What does Christ’s love motivate us to do ?
How does God’s love motivate us to love our brothers ?
Why should God’s forgiveness motivate us to forgive our brothers ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) What does God’s “ indescribable free gift ” include ?
( b ) What questions will we consider in this article ?
JEHOVAH gave us the greatest possible gift of love when he sent his precious Son , Jesus , to the earth !
The apostle Paul called this gift an “ indescribable free gift . ”
Why did Paul use that expression ?
Paul knew that Jesus ’ sacrifice is a guarantee that all of God’s wonderful promises will come true .
( Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 20 . )
This means that God’s “ indescribable free gift ” includes Jesus ’ sacrifice and all the goodness and loyal love that Jehovah shows us .
Such a valuable gift is impossible to describe in a way that we can completely understand .
How should this special gift make us feel ?
And how should this gift motivate us as we prepare for the Memorial of Christ’s death on Wednesday , March 23 , 2016 ?
3 , 4 . ( a ) How do you feel when someone gives you a gift ?
( b ) How might a special gift change your life ?
We love it when someone gives us a gift .
But some gifts are so meaningful or special that they can change our life .
For example , imagine that you have been involved in a crime .
The punishment for the crime is death .
But suddenly , someone you do not know volunteers to receive the punishment instead of you . He is willing to die for you !
How would such a special gift make you feel ?
Such a loving and special gift would cause you to make changes in your life .
Likely , you would also feel motivated to be more generous and loving to others and to forgive any who have been unkind to you .
For the rest of your life , you would want to show that you are grateful for the sacrifice that was made .
How is God’s gift of the ransom much greater than any other gift ?
God’s gift of the ransom is much greater than the gift in the example .
Think about this : All of us inherited sin from Adam , and the punishment for sin is death .
Love motivated Jehovah to send Jesus to the earth to die for all humans , to “ taste death for everyone . ”
But Jesus ’ sacrifice will do even more !
It will destroy death forever .
All who show faith in Jesus will live in peace and be happy forever , either as kings with Christ in heaven or as subjects of God’s Kingdom on earth .
What other blessings are included in Jehovah’s gift ?
( a ) What blessings of Jehovah’s gift do you look forward to ?
( b ) Name three things God’s gift will motivate us to do .
As part of God’s gift , the earth will become a paradise , the sick will be cured , and the dead will be resurrected .
We love Jehovah and his dear Son for giving us this “ indescribable free gift . ”
What will this gift motivate us to do ?
It will motivate us ( 1 ) to imitate Christ Jesus closely , ( 2 ) to love our brothers , and ( 3 ) to forgive others from the heart .
7 , 8 .
How should we feel about the love of Christ , and what should it motivate us to do ?
First , we should feel motivated to use our life to honor Jesus .
The apostle Paul said : “ The love the Christ has compels us . ”
( Read 2 Corinthians 5 : 14 , 15 . )
Paul knew that if we accept Jesus ’ great love , it will compel us , or motivate us , to love and honor Jesus .
Yes , when we fully understand what Jehovah has done for us , his love will motivate us to live in a way that shows we honor Jesus .
How do we do that ?
Love for Jehovah will motivate us to imitate Jesus ’ example , following his steps closely .
When we obey God and Christ , we prove our love for them . Jesus said : “ Whoever has my commandments and observes them is the one who loves me .
In turn , whoever loves me will be loved by my Father , and I will love him and will clearly show myself to him . ” ​ — John 14 : 21 ; 1 John 5 : 3 .
What pressures do we have ?
During this Memorial season , it is good to meditate on how we are using our life .
So ask yourself : ‘ In what areas do I already imitate Jesus ?
In what areas can I improve ? ’
It is important to ask ourselves these questions because the world wants us to live the way they do .
If we are not careful , we could feel pressured to start imitating the world’s teachers , celebrities , and sports heroes .
How can we resist that pressure ?
What questions can we ask ourselves during this Memorial season , and what may the answers motivate us to do ?
( See opening picture . )
It is good to take time during the Memorial season to examine our clothes , movies , and music , as well as what is on our computer , cell phone , or tablet .
Ask yourself : ‘ If Jesus were here and saw what I was wearing , would I be embarrassed ? ’
( Read 1 Timothy 2 : 9 , 10 . )
‘ Would my clothes show that I am a follower of Christ ?
Would Jesus like to watch my movies ?
Would he listen to my music ?
If Jesus borrowed my cell phone or tablet , would I be embarrassed by what he saw ?
Would it be difficult to explain to Jesus why I enjoy the video games I play ? ’
Our love for Jehovah should motivate us to throw away anything that would be inappropriate for a Christian , no matter how much it cost .
When we dedicated our life to Jehovah , we promised to use our life to honor Christ .
So we should not keep anything that could make it difficult for us to imitate Jesus . ​ — Matthew 5 : 29 , 30 ; Philippians 4 : 8 .
( a ) How does our love for Jehovah and Jesus motivate us in the preaching work ?
( b ) How can our love motivate us to help others in the congregation ?
Our love for Jesus motivates us to preach and teach with zeal .
During the Memorial season , can you arrange your daily life so that you can auxiliary pioneer and spend 30 or 50 hours in the preaching work ?
One widower who was 84 years old thought that he could not pioneer because of his age and poor health .
But the pioneers in his area wanted to help him .
They provided transportation and chose appropriate territory that he could work .
As a result , the brother reached his goal of 30 hours .
Can you help someone in your congregation to auxiliary pioneer in March or April ?
It is true that not everyone can pioneer , but we can use our time and energy to increase our service to Jehovah .
If we do so , we will show that we , like Paul , are motivated by Jesus ’ love .
What else will God’s love move us to do ?
God’s love motivates us to do what ?
Second , God’s love should motivate us to love our brothers .
The apostle John wrote : “ Beloved ones , if this is how God loved us , then we are also under obligation to love one another . ”
So if we accept God’s love , we need to love our brothers .
How can we show love for them ?
What example did Jesus set in loving others ?
Jesus ’ example shows us how we can love others .
When he was on earth , he helped people , especially the humble ones .
He cured the sick , lame , blind , deaf , and mute .
Unlike the religious leaders , Jesus enjoyed teaching people who wanted to learn about God .
He loved those humble people and worked hard to help them . ​ — Matthew 20 : 28 .
Can you help an older brother or sister in the ministry ?
( See paragraph 14 )
What can you do to show love for your brothers ?
The Memorial season is also a good time to think about how you can help the brothers and sisters in your congregation , especially the older ones .
Could you visit these dear ones ?
Could you bring them a meal , help them with chores in the home , offer them a ride to the meeting , or invite them to work with you in the ministry ?
( Read Luke 14 : 12 - 14 . )
Let God’s love motivate you to show love for your brothers !
What must we recognize ?
Third , Jehovah’s love motivates us to forgive our brothers and sisters .
All of us have inherited sin and death from Adam , so no one can say , “ I do not need the ransom . ”
Even the most faithful servant of God needs the gift of the ransom .
Each of us has been forgiven a huge debt !
Why is it important to recognize that ?
We find the answer in one of Jesus ’ illustrations .
16 , 17 . ( a ) What should we learn from Jesus ’ illustration of the king and the slaves ?
( b ) After meditating on Jesus ’ illustration , what are you determined to do ?
Jesus gave an illustration about a king who forgave his slave a huge debt of 60,000,000 denarii .
But later , that slave did not forgive a fellow slave a much smaller debt of only 100 denarii .
The king’s mercy should have motivated his slave to forgive a fellow slave .
The king was furious when he heard that his slave did not forgive such a small debt .
He said : “ Wicked slave , I canceled all that debt for you when you pleaded with me . Should you not also have shown mercy to your fellow slave as I showed mercy to you ? ”
Like the king , Jehovah has forgiven us a huge debt .
What should Jehovah’s love and mercy motivate us to do ?
As we prepare for the Memorial , we might ask ourselves : ‘ Have I been hurt by a brother ?
Do I find it difficult to forgive him ? ’
If so , this is a good time to imitate Jehovah , who is “ ready to forgive . ”
If we appreciate Jehovah’s great mercy , we will show mercy to others and forgive them from the heart .
If we do not love and forgive our brothers , we cannot expect Jehovah to love and forgive us .
When we forgive others , it does not change the fact that they hurt us , but it will help us to have a happier future .
How did God’s love help one sister to put up with the imperfections of another sister ?
It can be difficult to put up with the imperfections of our brothers and sisters .
( Read Ephesians 4 : 32 ; Colossians 3 : 13 , 14 . )
One sister who did that was Lily .
( See endnote . )
She helped a widow named Carol .
For example , she drove Carol wherever she needed to go , helped her with necessary shopping , and did many other things for her .
Despite all that Lily did , Carol was always critical , and at times it was not easy to help her .
But Lily focused on Carol’s good qualities and helped her for some years until Carol got very sick and died .
Even though helping Carol was difficult for Lily , she says : “ I look forward to seeing Carol in the resurrection .
I want to know her when she is perfect . ”
Clearly , God’s love can motivate us to put up with our brothers and sisters and to look forward to the time when human imperfection will be gone forever .
How will God’s “ indescribable free gift ” motivate you ?
Jehovah has truly given us an “ indescribable free gift . ”
May we always appreciate it !
The Memorial season is an excellent time to meditate on all that Jehovah and Jesus have done for us .
May their love motivate us to imitate Jesus closely , to show love for our brothers , and to forgive our brothers from the heart .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 18 ) Some names in this article have been changed .
Compelled : If we are compelled to do something , we are motivated to do it because it is the right thing to do and we want to do it .
When we accept Jehovah’s loving gift of the ransom , God’s love compels us to appreciate that gift and to imitate Jesus closely
Memorial season : The period of time before , during , and shortly after the Memorial .
It sometimes includes the months of March , April , and May
“ The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are God’s children . ” ​ — ROMANS 8 : 16 .
SONGS : 109 , 108
2 Corinthians 1 : 21 , 22 ; 2 Peter 1 : 10 , 11
Romans 8 : 15 , 16 ; 1 John 2 : 20 , 27
1 - 3 .
What events made Pentecost a special day , and how did those events fulfill what the Scriptures had foretold ?
( See opening picture . )
IT WAS Sunday morning in Jerusalem .
This was a special and exciting day .
People were celebrating Pentecost , which was a sacred festival at the beginning of the wheat harvest .
That morning at the temple , the high priest offered the regular sacrifices .
Then , at about nine o’clock , he offered two leavened loaves made from the first wheat , or the firstfruits , of the harvest .
The high priest waved the loaves from side to side to present them to Jehovah .
This was Pentecost of the year 33 . ​ — Leviticus 23 : 15 - 20 .
Every year , for hundreds of years , the high priest made this wave offering .
The offering was closely related to something very important that happened on Pentecost of the year 33 .
And it happened to 120 disciples of Jesus who were praying together in an upper room in Jerusalem .
Eight hundred years earlier , the prophet Joel had written about this event .
What happened that was so important ?
Read Acts 2 : 2 - 4 .
On Pentecost of the year 33 , God gave those Christians his holy spirit , and they were anointed .
Then , a crowd began to gather around them , and the disciples started to speak about the wonderful things they had just seen and heard .
The apostle Peter explained what had just happened and why it was so important .
Then , he told the crowd : “ Repent , and let each one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for forgiveness of your sins , and you will receive the free gift of the holy spirit . ”
That day , about 3,000 people were baptized , and they too received holy spirit . ​ — Acts 2 : 37 , 38 , 41 .
( a ) Why should we be interested in what happened at Pentecost ?
( b ) What other important event may have happened on the same day many years earlier ?
( See endnote . )
What did the high priest and the offering he made every Pentecost represent ?
The high priest represented Jesus .
The loaves represented the anointed disciples of Jesus .
Those disciples have been chosen from among sinful humans and are called “ firstfruits . ”
God has accepted these ones as his sons and has chosen them to rule as kings with Jesus in heaven as part of God’s Kingdom .
Jehovah will use his Kingdom to bless all obedient humans .
So whether our home will be in heaven with Jesus or on a paradise earth , Pentecost of the year 33 is very important to us . ​ — See endnote .
How do we know that not all those who are anointed receive their anointing in exactly the same way ?
The disciples in the upper room would never forget that day .
Each of them had what looked like a flame on his head .
Jehovah gave them the ability to speak in a foreign language .
They had no doubt that they were anointed by holy spirit .
But these spectacular things do not happen to all Christians when they are anointed .
For example , the Bible does not say that something that looked like a flame appeared on the heads of the thousands in Jerusalem who were anointed later that day .
They were anointed when they were baptized .
Also , not all Christians are anointed at the time they are baptized .
The Samaritans were anointed sometime after their baptism .
And in an unusual case , Cornelius and those in his house were anointed before they were baptized . ​ — Acts 10 : 44 - 48 .
What do all anointed ones receive , and how does this affect them ?
Clearly , Christians realize in different ways that they are anointed .
Some may have realized right away that Jehovah anointed them .
Others realized this over a period of time .
But the apostle Paul explained what happens to each one of them .
He said : “ After you believed , you were sealed by means of him with the promised holy spirit , which is a token in advance of our inheritance . ”
So Jehovah uses his holy spirit to make it absolutely clear to these Christians that he has chosen them to go to heaven .
In this way , the holy spirit is “ a token in advance , ” or proof to them that in the future they will live forever in heaven and not on earth . ​ — Read 2 Corinthians 1 : 21 , 22 ; 5 : 5 .

Each anointed Christian must not let anything stop him from serving Jehovah

What must each anointed Christian do to receive his reward in heaven ?
When a Christian is anointed , does it mean that he will definitely receive his reward ?
No .
He is sure that he has been invited to go to heaven .
But he will only be rewarded if he stays faithful to Jehovah .
Peter explained it this way : “ Therefore , brothers , be all the more diligent to make your calling and choosing sure for yourselves , for if you keep on doing these things , you will by no means ever fail . In fact , in this way you will be richly granted entrance into the everlasting Kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ . ”
So each anointed Christian must not let anything stop him from serving Jehovah .
Even though he has been invited , or called , to go to heaven , if he does not stay faithful , he will not get his reward . ​ — Hebrews 3 : 1 ; Revelation 2 : 10 .
8 , 9 . ( a ) Why is it difficult for most people to understand what happens when someone is anointed ?
( b ) How does a person know that he has been invited to go to heaven ?
Most of God’s servants today may find it difficult to understand what happens to someone when God anoints him .
This is normal , because they themselves have not been anointed .
God created humans to live forever on earth , not in heaven .
But Jehovah has chosen some to be kings and priests in heaven .
So when he anoints them , their hope and the way they think change , so that they look forward to life in heaven . ​ — Read Ephesians 1 : 18 .
But how does a person know that he or she has been invited to go to heaven ?
Notice what Paul said to the anointed brothers in Rome , who were “ called to be holy ones . ”
He told them : “ You did not receive a spirit of slavery causing fear again , but you received a spirit of adoption as sons , by which spirit we cry out : ‘ Abba , Father ! ’
The spirit itself bears witness with our spirit that we are God’s children . ”
By means of his holy spirit , God makes it clear to someone that he or she is invited to rule as a king in heaven with Jesus . ​ — 1 Thessalonians 2 : 12 .
What does 1 John 2 : 27 mean when it says that an anointed Christian does not need someone else to teach him ?
Those who receive this invitation from God do not need anyone else to tell them that they have been anointed .
Jehovah makes them feel convinced .
The apostle John tells anointed Christians : “ You have an anointing from the holy one , and all of you have knowledge . ”
He also says : “ As for you , the anointing that you received from him remains in you , and you do not need anyone to be teaching you ; but the anointing from him is teaching you about all things and is true and is no lie . Just as it has taught you , remain in union with him . ”
Anointed Christians need to be taught by Jehovah just like everyone else .
But they do not need anyone to confirm that they are anointed .
Jehovah has used the most powerful force , his holy spirit , to make it absolutely clear to them that they are !
11 , 12 .
What might an anointed Christian wonder , but what does he never doubt ?
When Christians are anointed by holy spirit , they change very much .
In fact , Jesus said that they are “ born again , ” or “ born from above . ”
He then explained : “ Do not be amazed because I told you : You people must be born again .
The wind blows where it wants to , and you hear the sound of it , but you do not know where it comes from and where it is going . So it is with everyone who has been born from the spirit . ”
Clearly , it is impossible to explain exactly how it feels to be anointed to someone who has not been anointed . ​ — See endnote . Someone who has been anointed does not doubt that Jehovah has chosen him
Someone who has been anointed may wonder , ‘ Why did Jehovah choose me and not someone else ? ’
He may even wonder if he is good enough for this responsibility .
But he does not doubt that Jehovah has chosen him .
Instead , he feels extremely happy and is very grateful for such a gift .
Anointed ones feel the way Peter did when he said : “ Praised be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , for according to his great mercy he gave us a new birth to a living hope through the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead , to an incorruptible and undefiled and unfading inheritance .
It is reserved in the heavens for you . ”
When anointed ones read these words , they know without any doubt that their Father is speaking to them personally .
How does the way a person thinks change when he is anointed by holy spirit , and what causes this change ?
Before Jehovah invited these Christians to go to heaven , they had the hope of living forever on earth .
They looked forward to the time when Jehovah would make the earth into a paradise and remove all wickedness .
Perhaps they imagined themselves welcoming back a family member or a friend who died .
And they looked forward to building a home and living in it or planting trees and eating the fruit .
Why did they start to think differently ?
Did they change because they felt depressed or suffered a lot ?
Did they suddenly decide that it would be boring to live forever on earth and that they would not be happy here ?
Or did they want to experience what it would be like to live in heaven ?
No .
Instead , God is the one who decided this for them .
When he invited them , he used his holy spirit to change the way that they think and the reward that they look forward to .
How do anointed ones feel about their life here on earth ?
So does this mean that anointed ones want to die ?
Paul described how anointed ones feel .
He compared their human body to a “ tent ” and said : “ In fact , we who are in this tent groan , being weighed down , because we do not want to put this one off , but we want to put the other on , so that what is mortal may be swallowed up by life . ”
These Christians do not want to die .
They enjoy life and want to use each day to serve Jehovah with their family and friends .
But no matter what they are doing , they remember what God has promised them for the future . ​ — 1 Corinthians 15 : 53 ; 2 Peter 1 : 4 ; 1 John 3 : 2 , 3 ; Revelation 20 : 6 .
What does not prove that a person has been anointed by holy spirit ?
Perhaps you are wondering whether Jehovah has invited you to go to heaven .
If you feel that he might have , think about these important questions : Do you feel that you are especially zealous in the preaching work ?
Do you really enjoy studying the Bible and learning “ the deep things of God ” ?
Do you feel that Jehovah has given you wonderful results in the preaching work ?
Do you want to do what Jehovah wants more than anything else ?
Do you have deep love for others and feel a great responsibility to help them serve Jehovah ?
Have you seen proof that Jehovah has helped you in many specific ways in your life ?
If you answer yes to all these questions , does this mean that you have been invited to go to heaven ?
No , it does not .
Why not ?
Because all of God’s servants can feel this way , whether they are anointed or not .
And by means of his holy spirit , Jehovah can give the same power to any of his servants , no matter what their reward will be .
In fact , if you are wondering whether you will go to heaven , it means that you have not been invited .
Those chosen by Jehovah do not wonder about this !
They know !
How do we know that not all those who have received God’s spirit have been invited to go to heaven ?
In the Bible , there are many examples of faithful ones who received Jehovah’s holy spirit but who did not go to heaven .
One example is John the Baptist .
Jesus said that there was no man greater than John , but then he said that John would not rule as a king in heaven .
David too was guided by holy spirit .
Holy spirit helped him to understand deep things about Jehovah and also directed him to write parts of the Bible .
Even so , the apostle Peter said that David “ did not ascend to the heavens . ”
Jehovah used his holy spirit to give these ones the power to do amazing things , but he did not use it to invite them to live in heaven .
Does that mean that they were not faithful enough or qualified to rule in heaven ?
No .
It simply means that Jehovah will bring them back to life in Paradise on earth . ​ — John 5 : 28 , 29 ; Acts 24 : 15 .
17 , 18 . ( a ) What reward do most of God’s servants look forward to today ?
( b ) What questions will we consider in the next article ?
Most of God’s servants today will not go to heaven .
Like Abraham , David , John the Baptist , and many other men and women in Bible times , they look forward to living on earth when God’s government will rule over them .
There will be 144,000 ruling with Jesus in heaven .
But the Bible speaks of “ the remaining ones ” of the anointed who are still on earth in this time of the end .
So most of the 144,000 have already died and are in heaven .
But if someone says that he is anointed , how should those who have the hope of living on earth react ?
If someone in your congregation starts to eat the bread and drink the wine at the Memorial , how should you treat him ?
And what if the number of those who say that they are anointed keeps growing ?
Should you worry about it ?
We will answer these questions in the next article .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 4 ) The Festival of Pentecost was possibly celebrated at the same time of the year that the Law was given to Moses at Sinai .
So perhaps Moses brought the nation of Israel into the Law covenant on the same day of the year that Jesus brought anointed ones into the new covenant .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 11 ) For more explanation of what it means to be born again , see The Watchtower , April 1 , 2009 , pages 3 - 11 . Anointed by holy spirit : Jehovah uses his holy spirit to invite a person to rule with Jesus in heaven .
By means of his spirit , he gives that person a promise for the future , or “ a token in advance . ”
These Christians can say that the holy spirit “ bears witness , ” or makes clear , to them that their reward is in heaven
“ We want to go with you , for we have heard that God is with you people . ” ​ — ZECHARIAH 8 : 23 .
SONGS : 65 , 122
How is Zechariah 8 : 23 being fulfilled ?
How should anointed Christians feel about themselves ? ​ — 1 Corinthians 4 : 6 - 8 .
Why should we not be worried about the number of those who eat the bread and drink the wine at the Memorial ? ​ — Romans 9 : 11 , 16 .
1 , 2 . ( a ) What did Jehovah say would happen in our time ?
( b ) What questions will be answered in this article ?
( See opening picture . )
JEHOVAH said that in our time , “ ten men out of all the languages of the nations will take hold , yes , they will take firm hold of the robe of a Jew , saying : ‘ We want to go with you , for we have heard that God is with you people . ’ ”
The “ Jew ” represents those whom God has anointed by holy spirit .
They are also called “ the Israel of God . ”
The “ ten men ” represent those who have the hope of living forever on earth .
They know that Jehovah has blessed this group of anointed ones and feel that it is an honor to worship him with them .
Like the prophet Zechariah , Jesus said that God’s people would be united .
He described those who look forward to living in heaven as a “ little flock ” and those who look forward to living on earth as “ other sheep . ”
But Jesus said that they would all be “ one flock ” and would follow him , their “ one shepherd . ”
Since there are two groups , some may wonder : ( 1 ) Do the other sheep need to know the names of all today who are anointed ?
( 2 ) How should anointed ones think of themselves ?
( 3 ) If someone in my congregation starts to eat the bread and drink the wine at the Memorial , how should I treat him ?
( 4 ) Do I need to worry when I see the number of those who eat the bread and drink the wine at the Memorial going up ?
This article will answer these questions .
Why is it not possible for us to know for sure who will be part of the 144,000 ?
Do the other sheep need to know the names of all anointed ones still on earth today ?
No .
Why not ?
Because it is not possible for anyone to know for sure that these ones will get their reward .
( See endnote . )
Even though God has invited them to go to heaven , they will receive their reward only if they remain faithful .
Satan knows this , and he uses “ false prophets ” to try “ to mislead ” them .
Anointed Christians cannot be sure that they will receive their reward until Jehovah makes it clear to them that he has judged them as faithful .
Jehovah gives this final approval , or final sealing , either before they die or just before the start of “ the great tribulation . ” ​ — Revelation 2 : 10 ; 7 : 3 , 14 .













Jesus is our Leader , and we must follow only him









If it is not possible to know the names of all anointed ones on earth today , how can we “ go with ” them ?
If it is not possible to know the names of all anointed ones on earth today , how can the other sheep “ go with ” them ?
The Bible says that the “ ten men ” would “ take firm hold of the robe of a Jew , saying : ‘ We want to go with you , for we have heard that God is with you people . ’ ”
The Bible verse mentions one Jew .
But “ you ” and “ you people ” refer to more than one person .
This means that the Jew is not just one person but represents the whole group of anointed ones .
The other sheep know this , and they serve Jehovah along with that group .
They do not need to know the names of every member of that group and follow each one of them .
Jesus is our Leader , and the Bible tells us we must follow only him . ​ — Matthew 23 : 10 .
What warning should anointed ones think seriously about , and why ?
Anointed ones should think seriously about the warning found at 1 Corinthians 11 : 27 - 29 .
( Read . )
How might an anointed one eat the bread and drink the wine “ unworthily ” at the Memorial ?
If he does not keep a good relationship with Jehovah and is unfaithful to him , then when that person eats the bread and drinks the wine , he is being disrespectful .
This strong warning reminds anointed ones that they must stay faithful if they want to receive “ the prize of the upward call of God by means of Christ Jesus . ” ​ — Philippians 3 : 13 - 16 .
How should anointed Christians feel about themselves ?
Paul told anointed Christians : “ I , the prisoner in the Lord , appeal to you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called . ”
How should they do this ?
Paul explained : “ With all humility and mildness , with patience , putting up with one another in love , earnestly endeavoring to maintain the oneness of the spirit in the uniting bond of peace . ”
Jehovah’s holy spirit helps his servants to be humble , not proud .
So anointed ones do not think that they are better than others .
They know that Jehovah does not necessarily give anointed ones more holy spirit than he gives his other servants .
And they do not feel that they can understand Bible truths more deeply than anyone else .
They would also never tell someone else that he too has been anointed and should start eating the bread and drinking the wine at the Memorial .
Instead , they are humble and know that only Jehovah can invite people to go to heaven .
7 , 8 .
What do anointed Christians not expect , and why ?


Although anointed ones feel that it is an honor to be invited to go to heaven , they do not expect others to treat them in a special way .



Anointed Christians do not feel that they should spend time only with other anointed ones , as if they were members of a club .

They do not try to find other anointed ones so that they can talk about being anointed or meet in groups to study the Bible .
The congregation would not be united if anointed ones did this .
They would be working against the holy spirit , which helps God’s people to have peace and unity . ​ — Read Romans 16 : 17 , 18 .
Why do you need to be careful about the way you treat those who eat the bread and drink the wine at the Memorial ?
( See the box “ Love ‘ Does Not Behave Indecently . ’ ” )
How should you treat anointed brothers and sisters ?
Jesus told his disciples : “ All of you are brothers . ”
He continued : “ Whoever exalts himself will be humbled , and whoever humbles himself will be exalted . ”
So it would be wrong to admire a person too much , even if he is an anointed brother of Christ .
When the Bible speaks of the elders , it encourages us to imitate their faith , but it does not tell us that we can make any human our leader .
It is true that the Bible says that some are “ worthy of double honor . ” But this is because they “ preside in a fine way ” and “ work hard in speaking and teaching , ” not because they are anointed .
If we give anointed ones too much praise and attention , we would embarrass them .
Or even worse , we could cause them to become proud .
None of us want to do anything that might cause one of Christ’s anointed brothers to make such a serious mistake ! ​ — Luke 17 : 2 .
How should you treat someone who eats the bread and drinks the wine at the Memorial ?
( See paragraphs 9 - 11 )
How can you show that you respect anointed Christians ?
How can we show that we respect those who are anointed by Jehovah ?
We would not ask them how they became anointed .
This is a personal matter , which we do not have the right to know .
And we should not think that their husband or wife , their parents , or other family members are also anointed .
A person does not inherit his hope from his family .
We should also avoid asking questions that could hurt others .
For example , we would not ask the wife of an anointed brother how she feels about living forever on earth without her husband .
After all , we can be absolutely sure that in the new world , Jehovah will “ satisfy the desire of every living thing . ” ​ — Psalm 145 : 16 .
How do we protect ourselves if we avoid “ admiring personalities ” ?
If we do not treat anointed ones as more important than others , we also protect ourselves .
How ?
The Bible tells us that there might be “ false brothers ” in the congregation who may even say that they are anointed .
Also , some anointed ones might not stay faithful .
But if we avoid “ admiring personalities , ” we will never follow others , even those who are anointed or well - known or those who have served Jehovah for a long time .
Then , if they become unfaithful or leave the congregation , we will not lose our faith in Jehovah or stop serving him . ​ — Jude 16 , footnote .
12 , 13 .
Why should we not worry about the number of those who eat the bread and drink the wine at the Memorial ?
For many years , the number of those who ate the bread and drank the wine at the Memorial kept going down .
But recently , that number has been going up every year .
Do we need to worry about this ?
No .
Let us see why not .
“ Jehovah knows those who belong to him . ”
Unlike Jehovah , the brothers who count the number of people eating the bread and drinking the wine at the Memorial do not know who truly is anointed .
So the number includes those who think that they are anointed but are not .
For example , some who used to eat the bread and drink the wine later stopped .
Others may have mental or emotional problems and believe that they will rule with Christ in heaven .
Clearly , we do not know exactly how many anointed ones are left on earth .
What does the Bible say about the number of anointed ones who will be on earth when the great tribulation starts ?
There will be anointed ones in many parts of the earth when Jesus comes to take them to heaven .
The Bible says that Jesus “ will send out his angels with a great trumpet sound , and they will gather his chosen ones together from the four winds , from one extremity of the heavens to their other extremity . ”
The Bible also shows that during the last days , there will be a small number of anointed ones left on earth .
But it does not say how many of them will be left when the great tribulation begins .
15 , 16 .
What do we need to understand about the 144,000 chosen by Jehovah ?
Jehovah decides when he will choose anointed ones .
Jehovah began choosing anointed ones after Jesus was resurrected .
It seems that in the first century , all true Christians were anointed .
For hundreds of years after that , most of those who said that they were Christians did not really follow Christ .
Even so , during those years , Jehovah anointed those few who were true Christians .
They were like the wheat that Jesus said would grow among the weeds .
During the last days , Jehovah has continued to choose people who will be part of the 144,000 .
( See endnote . )
So if God decides to choose some of these just before the end , surely we would not doubt that he is doing the right thing .


Not all who have the hope of living in heaven are part of “ the faithful and discreet slave . ”
Just as in the first century , Jehovah and Jesus today are using a few people to feed , or teach , many .
Only a few anointed Christians in the first century were used to write the Christian Greek Scriptures .
And today , only a few anointed Christians have the responsibility to give God’s people “ food at the proper time . ”
What have you learned from this article ?
What have we learned from this article ?
Jehovah has decided to give everlasting life on earth to most of his people and life in heaven to those who will rule with Jesus .
Jehovah rewards all of his servants , the “ Jew ” and the “ ten men , ” and he requires them to obey the same laws and stay faithful .
All must stay humble .
All must serve him together and be united .
And all must work to keep the peace in the congregation .
As we get closer to the end , let us all keep serving Jehovah and following Christ as one flock .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 3 ) According to Psalm 87 : 5 , 6 , in the future , God may reveal the names of all those who are ruling with Jesus in heaven . ​ — Romans 8 : 19 .
[ 2 ] ( paragraph 15 ) Although Acts 2 : 33 shows that Jesus is involved when someone is anointed , Jehovah is the one who invites that person .
[ 3 ] ( paragraph 15 ) For more information , see “ Questions From Readers ” in The Watchtower , May 1 , 2007 , pages 30 - 31 . The apostle Paul wrote : “ Love is patient and kind . Love is not jealous .
It does not brag , does not get puffed up , does not behave indecently , does not look for its own interests . ”
We “ behave indecently ” if we are rude , have bad manners , and do not show others that we respect them .
Instead , when we love our brothers , we think about their feelings before we say or do something .
We can show that we love those taking the lead in Jehovah’s organization by the way we treat them .
At times , well - known brothers might visit our congregation or the convention we attend .
They may be circuit overseers , Bethelites , members of the Branch Committee , members of the Governing Body , or helpers to the Governing Body .
Naturally , we want to show them and their wives respect , and this is good . We do not want to be like Diotrephes , who did not welcome the brothers visiting his congregation because he did not respect them .
But even if we welcome these brothers , could it be that we are still not showing them respect ?
How might this happen ? Although we enjoy meeting and talking with the brothers and sisters who visit us , we would not show them respect if we treated them as celebrities .
For example , would it show good manners if we take photos of them without their permission or when they are not aware of it , perhaps when they are eating or doing something else ?
Would we ask them to sign our books and Bibles ? Would we push in front of others and insist that we have a photo taken with them ?
What effect could such behavior have on those attending one of our conventions for the first time ?
Surely , if we love our brothers and sisters , we would not do anything like this .
Instead , we show them respect because we understand why they are visiting us and how hard they work for us .
What will help us to know how to treat our brothers ?
First , remember that we should give glory to Jehovah .
Second , realize that while it is good to respect these brothers and their wives , we would not want to treat them as celebrities .
They want to be treated as our brothers and sisters .
Third , remember what Jesus taught us : “ All things , therefore , that you want men to do to you , you also must do to them . ”
If we remember these things , we will show love and “ not behave indecently . ”
The ten men “ go with ” the Jew : The other sheep serve Jehovah with anointed ones but do not think of them as their leaders or give them too much praise and attention .
Instead , the other sheep love and respect anointed ones and treat them as their brothers and sisters
“ Working together with him , we also urge you not to accept the undeserved kindness of God and miss its purpose . ” ​ — 2 CORINTHIANS 6 : 1 .
SONGS : 75 , 74
brings us happiness ?
draws us closer to God and to others ?
is a protection for us ?
Even though Jehovah is the Supreme One , what has he invited others to do ?
JEHOVAH is the Supreme One .
He created everything , and he has unlimited wisdom and power .
After he helped Job understand this , Job said to him : “ I know that you are able to do all things and that nothing you have in mind to do is impossible for you . ”
Jehovah can do whatever he decides to do without help from anyone .
But he shows love by inviting others to work together with him to accomplish his purpose .
What important work did Jehovah invite Jesus to do ?
God created his Son , Jesus , before he created everyone and everything else .
Then , Jehovah allowed his Son to help him create all other things .
The apostle Paul wrote about Jesus : “ By means of him all other things were created in the heavens and on the earth , the things visible and the things invisible , whether they are thrones or lordships or governments or authorities . All other things have been created through him and for him . ”
So Jehovah not only gave his Son an important work but told others about it .
What an honor !
What did Jehovah invite Adam to do , and why ?
Jehovah also invited humans to work together with him .
For example , he allowed Adam to name the animals .
Imagine the joy Adam felt doing this work !
He carefully studied the way the animals looked and acted , and then he chose a name for each one of them .
Jehovah had created all the animals , so he could have named them himself .
However , he showed Adam how much he loved him by allowing him to name the animals .
God also gave Adam the assignment to make the entire earth into a paradise .
But Adam eventually decided to stop working with God , and the result was great suffering for him and all his descendants . ​ — Genesis 3 : 17 - 19 , 23 .
How did others work with God to accomplish his will ?
Later , God invited other people to work with him .
Noah built an ark that kept him and his family alive during the Flood .
Moses freed the nation of Israel from Egypt .
Joshua led the Israelites into the Promised Land .
Solomon built the temple in Jerusalem .
Mary became mother to Jesus .
All these faithful ones and many others worked with Jehovah to accomplish his will .
In what work can we share , and did Jehovah need to involve us in this work ?
( See opening picture . )
Today , Jehovah invites us to do all we can to support his Kingdom .
There are many ways we can serve God .
And even though not all of us are able to serve him in the same way , we can all preach the good news of the Kingdom .
Jehovah could have done this work by himself .
He could have spoken directly from heaven to people on earth .
Jesus said that Jehovah could even make the stones tell others about the King of His Kingdom .
But Jehovah allows us to be his “ fellow workers . ”
The apostle Paul wrote : “ Working together with him , we also urge you not to accept the undeserved kindness of God and miss its purpose . ”
It is a great honor to be invited to work with God .
Let us see some reasons why this brings us great joy .
How did God’s firstborn Son describe how he felt about working beside his Father ?
Working with God has always made Jehovah’s servants happy .
Before coming to earth , God’s firstborn Son said : “ Jehovah produced me as the beginning of his way . . . I was beside him as a master worker . I was the one he was especially fond of day by day ; I rejoiced before him all the time . ”
When Jesus worked with his Father , he was happy because he accomplished many things and he knew that Jehovah loved him .
But what about us ?
What could be more satisfying than teaching someone the truth ?
( See paragraph 7 )
Why does the preaching work bring us joy ?
Jesus said that we are happy both when we give and when we receive .
It brought us joy when we received the truth , but why does it also bring us joy to share the truth with others ?
Because we see them become truly happy when they understand what the Bible teaches and begin to have a relationship with God .
We are excited to see them change their thinking and their way of life .
The preaching work is the most important and the most satisfying work we could be doing .
It makes it possible for those who become God’s friends to have everlasting life . ​ — 2 Corinthians 5 : 20 .
What have some said about the joy of working with Jehovah ?
When we help others learn about God , we know that we are pleasing Jehovah and that he values our efforts to serve him .
This also gives us joy .
( Read 1 Corinthians 15 : 58 . )
Marco , who lives in Italy , says : “ I have the priceless joy of knowing that I am giving my best to Jehovah and not to someone who will soon forget what I’ve done . ”
Similarly , Franco , who also serves in Italy , says : “ By means of his Word and his spiritual provisions , Jehovah reminds us every day that he loves us and that everything we do for him is important , even though our efforts may seem like nothing to us .
This is why working along with God makes me happy and gives my life meaning . ”
What relationship existed between Jehovah and Jesus , and why ?
When we work together with those we love , we draw close to them .
We come to know more about their personality and their qualities .
We learn what their goals are and how they try to reach them .
Jesus worked with Jehovah for perhaps billions of years .
Their love and affection for each other became so strong that nothing could destroy their relationship .
Jesus explained how close that relationship was when he said : “ I and the Father are one . ”
They were truly united , and they fully cooperated when they worked together .


Preaching strengthens our faith because it reminds us of God’s promises and loving standards
Why does preaching draw us closer to God and to others ?
Jesus asked Jehovah to protect his disciples .
Why ?
He prayed : “ So that they may be one just as we are one . ”
When we live by God’s standards and share in the preaching work , we better understand his wonderful qualities .
We learn why it is wise to trust in him and to follow his direction .
And when we draw close to God , he draws close to us .
( Read James 4 : 8 . )
We also draw close to our brothers and sisters because we experience similar problems and joys and because we have the same goals .
We work together , rejoice together , and endure together .
Octavia , who lives in Britain , says : “ Working with Jehovah draws me closer to others . ”
She explains that it is because her friendships are now based on “ a common goal and direction . ”
Surely , we feel the same way .
When we see the efforts our brothers make to please Jehovah , it draws us closer to them .
Why will we draw even closer to Jehovah and to our brothers in the new world ?
Our love for God and our brothers is strong now , but it will be even stronger in the new world .
Think of all the exciting work we will do in the future !
We will welcome back those who are resurrected and teach them about Jehovah .
We will also work to make the earth into a paradise .
It will be a great joy to work together and gradually become perfect under Christ’s rule .
All humans will draw even closer to one another and to Jehovah , who will surely “ satisfy the desire of every living thing . ” ​ — Psalm 145 : 16 .
How is the preaching work a protection ?
We need to protect our relationship with Jehovah .
We live in Satan’s world and we are imperfect , so it is easy for us to start thinking and acting like the world .
It is like swimming in a river with a current that pulls us in a direction we do not want to go .
So we must use all our strength to swim in the other direction .

Similarly , we need to work hard to avoid being influenced by Satan’s world .
So how does preaching protect us ?
When we talk about Jehovah and the Bible , we focus on things that are important and good , not on things that will weaken our faith .
Preaching strengthens our faith because it reminds us of God’s promises and loving standards .
It also helps us to maintain the qualities we need in order to protect ourselves from Satan and his world . ​ — Read Ephesians 6 : 14 - 17 .
When we keep busy in Jehovah’s work , we do not have time to worry too much about our own problems
How does one Witness in Australia feel about preaching ?
When we keep busy preaching , studying , and doing things for others in the congregation , we are protected because we do not have time to worry too much about our own problems .
Joel , who lives in Australia , says : “ The preaching work helps me not to lose touch with reality .
It reminds me of the challenges people are facing and of the benefits I have experienced by applying Bible principles in my life .
The preaching work helps me to try to stay humble ; it gives me an opportunity to rely on Jehovah and on my brothers and sisters . ”
Why does our perseverance in preaching show that God’s spirit is with us ?
Preaching also gives us more confidence that God’s spirit is with us .
To illustrate : Imagine that it is your job to give bread to the people in your community .
You do not get paid to do this , and you have to pay for your expenses .
Also , most people do not want the bread , and some even hate you for bringing it to them .
How long would you continue to work at such a job ?
Very soon , you would feel discouraged , and you would probably quit .
Yet , many of us continue in the preaching work year after year , even though this costs us time and money and even though people make fun of us or get angry with us .
This proves that God’s spirit is helping us .
How is the preaching of the good news connected with God’s purpose for humankind ?
How is the preaching work connected with Jehovah’s purpose for mankind ?
God’s purpose was that humans live forever , and his purpose did not change when Adam sinned .
God made an arrangement for us to be freed from sin and death .
How ?
Jesus came to earth and sacrificed his life .
But to benefit from his sacrifice , humans needed to obey God .
So Jesus taught people what God requires of them , and he commanded his disciples to do the same .
When we preach and help others to become God’s friends today , we are working directly with God in his loving arrangement to save humans from sin and death .
How is our preaching linked to God’s greatest commandments ?
When we help others find the way to everlasting life , we show that we love them and we love Jehovah . His “ will is that all sorts of people should be saved and come to an accurate knowledge of truth . ”
When a Pharisee asked Jesus what was God’s greatest commandment , Jesus said : “ ‘ You must love Jehovah your God with your whole heart and with your whole soul and with your whole mind . ’
This is the greatest and first commandment .
The second , like it , is this : ‘ You must love your neighbor as yourself . ’ ”
By preaching the good news , we obey these commandments . ​ — Read Acts 10 : 42 .
How do you feel about the honor to preach the good news ?
How blessed we are !
Jehovah has given us a work that brings us joy , that draws us closer to him and to our brothers , and that protects our relationship with him .
It also gives us the opportunity to show our love for God and for others .
Jehovah has millions of servants around the world , and all of them have very different circumstances .
But whether we are young or old , rich or poor , strong or weak , we do all we can to share our faith with others .
We feel like Chantel from France , who says : “ The most powerful Person in the universe , the Creator of all things , the happy God , says to me : ‘ Go !
Speak !
Speak for me , speak from your heart .
I give you my strength , my Word the Bible , heavenly support , earthly companions , progressive training , and precise instructions at the appropriate time . ’
What an immense privilege it is to do what Jehovah asks of us and to work together with our God ! ”
We are working together with God when we preach to others and help them to become his friends so that they can live forever .
Even though God could do this work by himself , he shows us love by inviting us to work with him .
This work makes us happy , protects us , and draws us closer to Jehovah and to one another
© 2016 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
3 Jehovah Called Him “ My Friend ”
9 Imitate Jehovah’s Close Friends
These articles will help us to strengthen our friendship with Jehovah God .
In the first article , we will learn from the example of Abraham .
In the second , we will learn from the examples of Ruth , Hezekiah , and Jesus ’ mother , Mary .
14 Prove Yourself Loyal to Jehovah
20 Learn From Jehovah’s Loyal Servants
In these articles , we will discuss some Bible accounts about King David and others who lived in his time .
By considering their examples , we will learn how we can stay loyal to Jehovah even in difficult situations .
26 Life Story ​ — Jehovah Has Given Me Success in His Service
30 Keep On Serving Jehovah With Joy
COVER IMAGE :
In the village of Hétin , people build most houses on poles to keep them above water . They use small boats to travel .
The 215 publishers and 28 pioneers in three congregations there were so happy when 1,600 people attended the Memorial in 2014
POPULATION
PUBLISHERS
REGULAR PIONEERS
LIFE STORY
As told by Corwin Robison
I told the officer that I had already been in prison because I would not fight .
I asked him , “ Are you going to make me go through that again ? ”
This was the second time I was ordered to join the United States Army .
I WAS born in 1926 in Crooksville , Ohio , in the United States .
Father and Mother were not religious , but they told us eight children to go to church .
I went to the Methodist Church .
When I was 14 , the minister gave me a prize because I went to church every Sunday for a year .
Margaret Walker ( second sister from the left ) helped me learn the truth
About that time , a neighbor named Margaret Walker , one of Jehovah’s Witnesses , began visiting my mother and talking to her about the Bible .
One day , I decided to join them .
Mother thought that I would interfere with her study , so she told me to get out of the house .
But I kept trying to listen to their discussions .
After a couple more visits , Margaret asked me , “ Do you know what God’s name is ? ”
I said , “ Everyone knows that ​ — it’s God . ”
She said , “ Get your Bible and look up Psalm 83 : 18 . ”
I did , and I discovered that God’s name is Jehovah .
I ran out to my friends and told them , “ When you get home tonight , look up Psalm 83 : 18 in the Bible and see what God’s name is . ”
You might say I started witnessing right away .
I studied the Bible and got baptized in 1941 .
Soon afterward , I was assigned to conduct a congregation book study .
I encouraged my mother and siblings to come , and they all began attending the book study that I conducted .
Dad , though , was not interested .
I was given more responsibility in the congregation , and I collected many books published by Jehovah’s Witnesses .
One day , Dad pointed to my books and said : “ You see all that stuff ?
I want it out of this house , and you can go with it . ”
I left home and went to live in nearby Zanesville , Ohio , but I traveled back and forth to encourage my family .
Dad tried to stop Mother from attending the meetings .
Sometimes when she was on her way , he chased after her and pulled her back into the house .
But she would just run out the other door and go to the meeting .
I told Mother : “ Don’t worry .
He’ll get tired of running after you . ”
In time , Dad gave up trying to stop her , and she attended the meetings freely .
When the Theocratic Ministry School began in 1943 , I started giving student talks in my congregation .
The counsel I received after my parts on the school helped me to become a better speaker .
In 1944 , during World War II , I was ordered to join the army .
I reported to Fort Hayes in Columbus , Ohio , had a physical examination , and filled out paperwork .
I also told the officials that I would not become a soldier .
They let me go home .
But a few days later , an officer came to my door and told me , “ Corwin Robison , I have a warrant for your arrest . ”
In court two weeks later , the judge said : “ If it were up to me , I’d give you a life sentence .
Do you have anything to say ? ”
I replied : “ Your Honor , I should have been classified as a minister .
Everyone’s doorstep is my pulpit , and I have preached the good news of the Kingdom to many people . ”
The judge told the jury : “ You are not here to decide whether this young man is a minister or not .
You are here to decide whether he reported for induction into the army or not . ”
In less than half an hour , the jury decided that I was guilty .
The judge sentenced me to five years in prison in Ashland , Kentucky .
I spent the first two weeks in a prison in Columbus , Ohio , and I stayed in my cell the first day .
I prayed to Jehovah : “ I cannot stay in a cell for five years .
I don’t know what to do . ”
The next day , the guards let me out .
I walked over to a tall , broad - shouldered prisoner , and we stood there looking out a window .
He asked me , “ What are you in for , Shorty ? ”
I said , “ I am one of Jehovah’s Witnesses . ”
He said , “ You are ? So why are you here ? ”
I said , “ Jehovah’s Witnesses don’t go to war and kill people . ”
He said , “ They put you in prison because you won’t kill people .
They put other guys in prison because they kill people .
Does that make sense ? ”
I said , “ No , it doesn’t . ”
Then he said , “ For 15 years I was in another prison , where I read some of your literature . ”
When I heard that , I prayed , “ Jehovah , help me get this man on my side . ”
At that moment , the prisoner , whose name was Paul , said : “ If any of these guys touch you , just yell .
I’ll take care of them . ”
So while I was there , I had no problems with the 50 prisoners in that section .
I was among the Witnesses imprisoned for neutrality at Ashland , Kentucky
When the officials moved me to the prison in Ashland , I met some mature brothers who were already there .
They helped me and others to remain close to Jehovah .
They assigned us a weekly Bible reading , and we prepared questions and answers for meetings that we called Bible Bees .
We were in a large cell that had beds along the walls .
There was a brother who would organize our territory .
He would tell me : “ Robison , you are responsible for bed such and such .
Anyone assigned to that bed is your territory .
Make sure you witness to him before he leaves . ”
That is how we preached in an organized way .
World War II ended in 1945 , but I stayed in prison for some time after that .
I worried about my family because Dad had told me , “ If I can get rid of you , I can handle the rest . ”
After my release , I had a pleasant surprise .
Seven in my family were attending meetings and one of my sisters was baptized , despite Dad’s opposition .
Going out in the ministry with Demetrius Papageorge , an anointed brother who began serving Jehovah in 1913
When the Korean War began in 1950 , I was ordered to join the army a second time .
I was told to report to Fort Hayes again .
After testing my abilities , an officer told me , “ You had one of the highest scores in your group . ”
I said , “ That’s fine , but I am not going into the army . ”
I quoted 2 Timothy 2 : 3 and said , “ I am already a soldier of Christ . ”
After a long silence , he said , “ You can leave . ”
Soon afterward , I attended the Bethel meeting at a convention in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Brother Milton Henschel told us that there was a need at Bethel for brothers who wanted to work hard for the Kingdom .
I applied for Bethel service and was accepted .
I started serving in Brooklyn in August 1954 , and I have been at Bethel ever since .
I have always had a lot of work at Bethel .
For several years , I operated the boilers in the printery and the office buildings , worked as a machinist , and repaired locks .
I also worked at Assembly Halls in New York City .
Caring for the boilers in the office buildings at Brooklyn Bethel
I love the programs at Bethel , such as morning worship and the family Watchtower Study , as well as preaching with the congregation .
When you think about it , these are things that any family of Jehovah’s Witnesses should be doing regularly .
When parents and children consider the daily text together , have regular Family Worship sessions , participate in the congregation meetings , and are zealous for preaching the good news , all in the family will likely remain close to Jehovah .
I have made many friends at Bethel and in the congregation .
Some were of the anointed and have gone to heaven .
Others were not anointed .
But all of Jehovah’s servants are imperfect , including Bethelites .
If I have an argument with a brother , I always try to make peace .
I think of Matthew 5 : 23 , 24 and how we should handle our disagreements .
It is not easy to say “ I am sorry , ” but most disagreements are solved this way .
Now I have a hard time preaching from door to door because of my age , but I have not given up .
I have learned a little Mandarin Chinese and enjoy approaching Chinese people on the street .
Some mornings I place 30 or 40 magazines with interested ones .
Preaching to the Chinese people in Brooklyn , New York
I have even made a return visit in China !
One day , a nice young girl smiled at me as she passed out advertisements for a fruit stand .
I smiled and offered her The Watchtower and Awake !
in Chinese .
She took them and told me that her name was Katie .
After that , whenever she saw me , Katie came over to talk to me .
I taught her the names of fruits and vegetables in English , and she repeated the words after me .
I also explained Bible texts to her , and she accepted the Bible Teach book .
After some weeks , though , she disappeared .
Months later , I offered the magazines to another girl who was passing out advertisements , and she accepted them .
The next week , she handed me her cell phone and said , “ You talk to China . ”
I said , “ I don’t know anybody in China . ”
But she insisted , so I took the phone and said , “ Hello , this is Robison . ”
The voice at the other end said , “ Robby , this is Katie .
I’m back in China . ”
I said , “ China ? ”
Katie answered , “ Yes .
Robby , you know that girl who handed you the phone ?
She’s my sister .
You taught me many good things .
Please teach her the way you taught me . ”
I said , “ Katie , I will do the best I can .
Thanks for letting me know where you are . ”
Soon afterward , I spoke to Katie’s sister for the last time .
Wherever those two girls are now , I hope that they learn more about Jehovah .
I have served Jehovah for 73 years , and I am happy that he helped me to remain neutral and to be faithful in prison .
Also , my siblings tell me that they were encouraged when I faced Dad’s opposition without giving up .
Eventually , Mother and six of my brothers and sisters got baptized .
Even Dad’s attitude changed a little , and he attended some meetings before he passed away .
If it is God’s will , my family members and friends who have died will return to life in the new world .
Imagine our joy as we worship Jehovah forever with those whom we love !
* ​ — See footnote .
While this article was being prepared for publication , Corwin Robison died faithful to Jehovah .
“ You , O Israel , are my servant , you , O Jacob , whom I have chosen , the offspring of Abraham my friend . ” ​ — ISAIAH 41 : 8 .
SONGS : 91 , 22
How did knowledge and experience strengthen Abraham’s faith ?
What did Abraham do to strengthen his friendship with God ?
How can you imitate Abraham in building a friendship with Jehovah ?
1 , 2 . ( a ) How do we know that humans can become God’s friends ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
FROM the moment we are born to the moment we die , we need love .
Humans need close and loving friendships , not just romantic love .
But most of all , we need love from Jehovah .
Many people do not believe that humans can have a close and loving friendship with God because he is invisible and almighty .
But we know the truth !
We know from the Bible that humans have become God’s friends .
We should learn from their examples .
Why ?
Because friendship with God is the most important goal we can have in life .
So let us consider the example of Abraham .
( Read James 2 : 23 . )
How did he become God’s friend ?
Abraham’s close friendship with God was based on faith , and he is known as “ the father of all those having faith . ”
As you consider his example , ask yourself , ‘ How can I imitate Abraham’s faith and strengthen my friendship with Jehovah ? ’
3 , 4 . ( a ) Describe what was likely Abraham’s greatest test of faith . ( b ) Why was Abraham willing to sacrifice Isaac ?
Imagine Abraham at about 125 years of age walking slowly up a mountain .
( See endnote . )
Behind him was his son Isaac , who was about 25 years old .
Isaac carried firewood , and Abraham carried a knife and the things needed to start a fire .
That journey was probably the hardest trip of Abraham’s life .
But it was not because of his old age . He still had a lot of energy .
Instead , that journey was difficult because Jehovah had asked him to sacrifice his son ! ​ — Genesis 22 : 1 - 8 .



Abraham did not blindly obey God , that is , obey him without thinking
That was probably the greatest test of Abraham’s faith .
Some people say that God was cruel for asking Abraham to sacrifice his son .

And others say that Abraham was willing to do this because he did not love his son .
People say such things because they do not have faith and do not know what true faith is or how it works .
But Abraham did not blindly obey God , that is , obey him without thinking .
He obeyed because he had true faith .
He knew that Jehovah would never ask him to do anything that would cause permanent harm .

Abraham knew that if he obeyed , Jehovah would bless him and his dear son .
What did Abraham need in order to have such strong faith ?
He needed knowledge and experience .
How may Abraham have learned about Jehovah , and how did that knowledge make him feel ?
Knowledge .
Abraham grew up in a city called Ur .
People there worshipped false gods , and his father did too .
So how did Abraham learn about Jehovah ?
The Bible shows that Noah’s son Shem was Abraham’s relative .
And he lived until Abraham was about 150 years old .
Shem was a man of great faith , and he probably talked to his relatives about Jehovah .
We do not know for sure , but it is possible that this is how Abraham learned about Jehovah .
What Abraham learned made him love Jehovah , and that knowledge helped him to build faith .
6 , 7 .
How did Abraham’s experiences strengthen his faith ?
Experience .
How did Abraham gain experience that strengthened his faith in Jehovah ?
Some say that thoughts lead to feelings and feelings lead to actions .
Abraham’s heart was moved by what he learned about God , and that gave him deep respect for “ Jehovah the Most High God , Maker of heaven and earth . ”
The Bible calls such deep respect “ godly fear . ”
In order to have a close friendship with God , we need to have godly fear .
It was that quality that motivated Abraham to obey Jehovah .
God told Abraham and Sarah to leave their home in Ur and move to a foreign country .
They were no longer young , and they would have to live in tents for the rest of their lives .
Even though Abraham knew that there would be many dangers , he was determined to obey Jehovah .
Because of his obedience , God blessed and protected him .
For example , when Abraham’s beautiful wife , Sarah , was taken away from him and he was in danger of being killed , Jehovah miraculously protected both Abraham and Sarah more than once .
Those experiences made Abraham’s faith stronger .
How can we gain knowledge and experience that will strengthen our friendship with Jehovah ?
Can we be close friends with Jehovah ?
Yes , we definitely can !
Like Abraham , we need to learn about Jehovah .
And we too can gain the knowledge and experience we need .
Today , we have much more than Abraham had .
The Bible is full of knowledge about the “ Maker of heaven and earth . ”
What we learn makes us love Jehovah and helps us to have deep respect for him .
This love and respect for God motivates us to obey him .
When we do , we see how he protects and blesses us , and this gives us experience that makes our faith stronger .
When we serve Jehovah fully , we will gain satisfaction , peace , and joy .
The more knowledge and experience we gain , the stronger our friendship with him will become .
9 , 10 . ( a ) What is needed for a friendship to become stronger ?
( b ) What shows that Abraham cherished and strengthened his friendship with Jehovah ?
A close friendship can be like a valuable treasure .
( Read Proverbs 17 : 17 . )
It is not like an expensive vase that is used only for decoration . It is more like a beautiful flower that needs water and care to bloom .
Abraham cherished and maintained his friendship with Jehovah .
How did he do that ?
Friendship is like a beautiful flower that needs water and care to bloom
Abraham continued to strengthen his godly fear and obedience .
For example , when he traveled to Canaan with his family and his servants , he continued to let Jehovah guide him in making decisions both big and small .
A year before Isaac was born , when Abraham was 99 years old , Jehovah told him to circumcise all the males in his household .
Did Abraham doubt Jehovah or try to find an excuse for not doing what he was asked ?
No , he trusted in Jehovah and obeyed “ on that very day . ” ​ — Genesis 17 : 10 - 14 , 23 .
Why was Abraham concerned about Sodom and Gomorrah , and how did Jehovah help him ?
Because Abraham always obeyed Jehovah even in little things , their friendship became stronger .
He felt that he could talk to Jehovah about anything , even asking for help when he struggled with difficult questions .
For example , when Jehovah said that he would destroy the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah , Abraham was concerned .
Why ?
He was afraid that good people would die along with the bad .
He was probably worried about his nephew Lot and his family , who lived in Sodom .
Abraham trusted in Jehovah , “ the Judge of all the earth , ” so he humbly talked to Jehovah about his concerns .
Jehovah was patient with his friend and showed him that He is merciful .
Jehovah explained that even when he brings judgment , he searches for good people and saves them . ​ — Genesis 18 : 22 - 33 .
12 , 13 . ( a ) How did Abraham’s knowledge and experience help him later ?
( b ) What shows that Abraham had confidence in Jehovah ?
It is clear that all the knowledge and experience Abraham had gained helped him to keep his friendship with Jehovah strong .
So later , when Jehovah asked Abraham to sacrifice his son , he knew that Jehovah had always been patient , merciful , trustworthy , and protective .
Abraham was absolutely sure that Jehovah had not suddenly become cruel or harsh !
Why do we say that ?
Before leaving his servants , Abraham said : “ You stay here with the donkey , but the boy and I will go over there and worship and return to you . ”
What did Abraham mean ?
Was he lying about coming back with Isaac , knowing that he would sacrifice him ?
No .
The Bible says that Abraham knew that Jehovah was able to resurrect Isaac from the dead .
( Read Hebrews 11 : 19 . )
Abraham knew that Jehovah had given him the power to have a son even though he and Sarah were very old .
So he realized that nothing was impossible for Jehovah .
Abraham did not know what would happen that day .
But he had faith that if needed , Jehovah would resurrect his son so that all of God’s promises would come true .
That is why Abraham is called “ the father of all those having faith . ”
Abraham had faith that if needed , Jehovah would resurrect his son so that all of God’s promises would come true
What challenges do you face in serving Jehovah , and how may Abraham’s example help you ?
Today , however , Jehovah does not ask us to sacrifice our children , but he does ask us to obey his commands .
Sometimes we may not understand the reason for these commands or we may find them hard to obey .
Do you ever feel like that ?
For some , the preaching work is difficult .
Maybe they are shy and find it hard to talk to people they do not know .
Others are afraid to be different at work or at school .
When you are asked to do something difficult , think of Abraham’s outstanding example of faith and courage .
When we meditate on examples of faithful men and women , it can motivate us to imitate them and to draw closer to our Friend , Jehovah . ​ — Hebrews 12 : 1 , 2 . WHILE LIVING IN UR
Abraham and Sarah come to know and worship Jehovah Abraham obeys God and leaves Ur TRAVELS TO CANAAN
Jehovah protects Abraham and Sarah during their journey
LIFE IN CANAAN
Abraham is obedient and circumcises all males of his household
Jehovah patiently listens to Abraham’s concerns about Sodom Jehovah makes it possible for Abraham and Sarah to have a son
Abraham shows faith and is willing to sacrifice Isaac
Abraham dies “ at a good old age , old and satisfied ”
Why may we be sure that Abraham never regretted his loyal obedience to Jehovah ?
Did Abraham ever regret obeying Jehovah’s commands ?
The Bible says that Abraham “ died at a good old age , old and satisfied . ”
When he was 175 years old , Abraham could look back on his long life and feel satisfied .
Why ?
Because his friendship with Jehovah was always the most important thing to him .
However , when we read that Abraham was “ old and satisfied , ” this does not mean that he had no desire to live in the future .
What joys will Abraham experience in Paradise ?
The Bible says that Abraham “ was awaiting the city having real foundations , whose designer and builder is God . ”
Abraham believed that one day he would see that city , the Kingdom of God , ruling over the earth .
And he will !
Imagine how happy Abraham will be to live on a paradise earth and to continue strengthening his friendship with God .
He will be happy to know that his example of faith has helped God’s servants for thousands of years !
In Paradise he will find out that the sacrifice on Mount Moriah illustrated something much greater .
And he will learn how the pain he felt when he prepared to sacrifice his son Isaac has helped millions of faithful people to understand Jehovah’s pain when he gave his Son , Jesus Christ , as a ransom for mankind .
Abraham’s example has helped us all to have even more appreciation for the ransom , the greatest act of love ever shown !
What is your determination , and what will we consider in the following article ?
May each of us be determined to imitate the faith of Abraham .
Like him , we need knowledge and experience .
As we continue learning about Jehovah and obeying him , we will see how he blesses and protects us .
( Read Hebrews 6 : 10 - 12 . )
May Jehovah be our Friend forever !
In the following article , we will consider three more examples of faithful ones who became close friends of God .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 3 ) Abraham and Sarah were originally called Abram and Sarai .
But in this article , we will use the names that Jehovah later gave them .
To become God’s friend , we must come to know him well .
As we learn about him , we will begin to have deep love and respect for him .
This will motivate us to trust in him and obey him .
If we keep strengthening our friendship with Jehovah , it can last forever
“ Close friendship with Jehovah belongs to those who fear him . ” ​ — PSALM 25 : 14 .
SONGS : 106 , 118
What can we learn from the friendship with God that Ruth enjoyed ?
Why was King Hezekiah a close friend of Jehovah ?
What qualities made Jesus ’ mother , Mary , a friend of Jehovah God ?
1 - 3 . ( a ) Why can we be sure that we can become God’s friends ?
( b ) What individuals will we consider in this article ?
IN THE Bible , Abraham is called God’s friend three times .
He is the only person directly called God’s friend in the Bible .
Does that mean that Abraham is the only human ever to become Jehovah’s friend ?
No .
The Bible shows that all of us can have that privilege .
God’s Word is full of accounts of many faithful men and women who feared Jehovah , put faith in him , and became his close friends .
( Read Psalm 25 : 14 . )
They are part of the “ great cloud of witnesses ” mentioned by Paul .
All these different individuals were God’s friends . ​ — Hebrews 12 : 1 .
Let us take a close look at three of Jehovah’s friends described in the Bible : ( 1 ) Ruth , the loyal young widow from Moab , ( 2 ) Hezekiah , a faithful king of Judah , and ( 3 ) Mary , the humble mother of Jesus .
What can we learn from the way each of them became God’s friend ?
4 , 5 .
What difficult decision did Ruth have to make , and why was making it so hard ?
( See opening picture . )
Naomi and her daughters - in - law , Ruth and Orpah , were walking the long distance from Moab to Israel .
Along the way , Orpah decided to go home to Moab .
But Naomi was determined to return to Israel , her homeland .
What did Ruth decide to do ?
She had to make a very difficult decision .
Would she go back home to Moab to be with her family , or would she stay with Naomi , her mother - in - law , and travel to Bethlehem ? ​ — Ruth 1 : 1 - 8 , 14 .
Ruth’s family lived in Moab .
She could return to them , and they would probably take care of her .
She knew the people , the language , and the culture of Moab .
Naomi could not promise Ruth any of those things in Bethlehem .
And Naomi was afraid that she would not find a husband or a home for her .
So Naomi told her to go back to Moab .
As we saw , Orpah “ returned to her people and her gods . ”
But Ruth decided not to return to her people and their false gods .
( a ) What wise choice did Ruth make ?
( b ) Why did Boaz speak of Ruth as seeking refuge under Jehovah’s wings ?
It seems that Ruth learned about Jehovah from her husband or from Naomi .
She learned that Jehovah was not like the gods of Moab .
She loved Jehovah and knew that he deserved her love and her worship .
So Ruth made a wise choice .
She told Naomi : “ Your people will be my people , and your God my God . ”
Our hearts are moved when we think about Ruth’s love for Naomi .
But what is more impressive is Ruth’s love for Jehovah .
This also impressed Boaz , who later praised her for ‘ seeking refuge under Jehovah’s wings . ’
( Read Ruth 2 : 12 . )
The words Boaz used may remind us of how a baby bird looks for protection under its parent’s wings .
In a similar way , Jehovah gave Ruth loving protection and rewarded her for her faith .
Ruth never had any reason to regret her decision .
What might help those who hesitate to dedicate their lives to Jehovah ?
Many people learn about Jehovah but choose not to take refuge in him .
They hesitate to dedicate their lives to him and get baptized .
If you feel the same way , think about why you hesitate .
Everyone serves one god or another .
The wise choice would be to serve the true God .
When you dedicate yourself to Jehovah , you show that you have faith that he will be a refuge for you .
And he will help you to keep serving him despite any problems you may have .
That is what God did for Ruth .
Describe Hezekiah’s background .
Hezekiah’s background was very different from Ruth’s .
He was part of a nation that was dedicated to God .
But not all Israelites remained faithful .
Hezekiah’s father , King Ahaz , was wicked .
He showed disrespect for God’s temple and convinced the people to worship other gods .
Ahaz even had some of Hezekiah’s brothers burned alive as sacrifices to a false god .
Hezekiah had a terrible childhood ! ​ — 2 Kings 16 : 2 - 4 , 10 - 17 ; 2 Chronicles 28 : 1 - 3 .
9 , 10 . ( a ) Why might Hezekiah easily have become bitter ?
( b ) Why should we not become bitter against God ?
( c ) Why should we not think that our background determines the type of person we will become ?
The bad example of Ahaz could have caused his son Hezekiah to become bitter or angry with Jehovah .
Today , some who have had to endure far less than Hezekiah feel that they have good reason to become “ enraged against Jehovah ” or bitter toward his organization .
Others feel that their bad family background may cause them to have a bad life or to repeat their parents ’ mistakes .
But are these ideas true ?
Hezekiah’s life proves that the answer to that question is no !
There is never a good reason to become angry with Jehovah .
He does not cause bad things to happen to people .
It is true that parents can teach their children to do good or bad .
But this does not mean that our family background will determine the type of person we will become .
Why ?
Because Jehovah has given us the gift of free will , which means that we can choose to do what is good or what is bad .
How did Hezekiah use that precious gift ?
Many young people accept the truth despite their family background ( See paragraphs 9 , 10 )
What made Hezekiah one of Judah’s best kings ?
Even though his father was one of the worst kings in Judah , Hezekiah became one of the very best .
( Read 2 Kings 18 : 5 , 6 . )
He chose not to follow his father’s bad example .
Instead , he chose to listen carefully to Jehovah’s prophets , such as Isaiah , Micah , and Hosea .
He paid close attention to their counsel and correction .
This motivated him to fix many of the problems his father had caused .
He cleansed the temple , asked God to forgive the people’s sins , and destroyed the idols throughout the land .
Later , when the Assyrian king Sennacherib threatened to attack Jerusalem , Hezekiah showed great courage and faith .
He trusted in Jehovah’s protection and strengthened his people .
At one point Hezekiah became proud , but when Jehovah corrected him , he humbled himself .
Clearly , Hezekiah is a wonderful example for us to imitate .
He did not let his family background ruin his life .
Instead , he showed that he was Jehovah’s friend .
Like Hezekiah , how have many today proved to be Jehovah’s friends ?
The world today is cruel and unloving , and many children grow up without loving and caring parents .
Even though many Christians today come from difficult family backgrounds , they have chosen to build a friendship with Jehovah .
Like Hezekiah , they show that their family background does not need to determine what kind of person they will become in the future .
God has given us the gift of free will , and we can choose to serve and honor him , as Hezekiah did .
13 , 14 .
Why might Mary’s assignment have seemed too difficult , yet how did she respond to Gabriel’s words ?
Many years after Hezekiah’s time , a humble young woman named Mary had a special friendship with Jehovah and a unique assignment .
She would become pregnant and give birth to and raise God’s Son !
Jehovah must have loved and trusted Mary in order to give her such an amazing honor .
But how did she react when she first heard about that assignment ? “ Look !
Jehovah’s slave girl ! ” ( See paragraphs 13 , 14 )
We often talk about the great honor Mary was given .
But what may have been some of her fears ?
For example , the angel Gabriel said that she would become pregnant without having sexual relations with a man .
But Gabriel did not offer to explain to her family and neighbors how she would become pregnant .
What would they think ?
How would she convince Joseph that she had not been unfaithful to him ?
In addition , she had the great responsibility of raising God’s Son as a human !
We do not know all of Mary’s concerns , but we do know what she did after Gabriel spoke to her .
She said : “ Look !
Jehovah’s slave girl !
May it happen to me according to your declaration . ” ​ — Luke 1 : 26 - 38 .
Why is Mary’s faith remarkable ?
Mary’s faith is truly outstanding !
She was ready to do whatever was asked of her , just like a slave girl .
She trusted that Jehovah would take care of her and protect her .
How could Mary have such strong faith ?
We are not born with faith .
But we can have faith if we cultivate it and ask God to bless our efforts .
Mary worked hard to strengthen her faith .
How do we know ?
Let us consider how she listened and what she spoke about .
What shows that Mary was a good listener ?
How Mary listened .
The Bible says that we “ must be quick to listen , slow to speak . ”
Mary was a good listener .
The Bible shows that she carefully listened to the things she heard , especially the things she learned about Jehovah .
She took time to meditate on such important things .
One example of this was at Jesus ’ birth when shepherds told Mary about a message from an angel .
Later , when Jesus was 12 years old , he said something that amazed Mary .
In both cases , Mary listened , remembered , and thought carefully about what she had heard . ​ — Read Luke 2 : 16 - 19 , 49 , 51 .
What can we learn about Mary from the way she spoke ?
What Mary spoke about .
The Bible does not tell us much about what Mary said .
Her longest speech is found at Luke 1 : 46 - 55 .
These words show that Mary knew the Hebrew Scriptures very well .
How so ?
Mary’s words were similar to the words of the prayer of Hannah , the mother of Samuel .
It seems that Mary quoted the Scriptures about 20 times in her speech .
It is clear that she liked to speak about the truths she had learned from her greatest Friend , Jehovah .
In what ways can we imitate Mary’s faith ?
Like Mary , we may at times receive assignments from Jehovah that we think are too difficult for us .
Let us imitate her example , humbly accept the assignment , and trust that Jehovah will help us .
We can also imitate Mary’s faith when we carefully listen to Jehovah and meditate on what we have learned about him and his purposes .
We then can joyfully tell others what we have learned . ​ — Psalm 77 : 11 , 12 ; Luke 8 : 18 ; Romans 10 : 15 .
As we imitate the Bible’s outstanding examples of faith , of what may we be assured ?
It is clear that Ruth , Hezekiah , and Mary were Jehovah’s friends , just as Abraham was .
They were part of the “ great cloud of witnesses ” who also had the privilege of becoming God’s friends .
May we continue to imitate such outstanding examples of faith .
If we do so , we can look forward to the reward of being Jehovah’s friends forever !
THINK about the happiest day of your life .
Was it when you got married or when your first child was born ?
Or was it the day you got baptized ?
That was likely the most important and joyful day of your life .
And on that day , how glad your brothers and sisters were to see you prove that you love God with your whole heart , soul , mind , and strength ! ​ — Mark 12 : 30 .
Very likely , you have experienced much joy in serving Jehovah since your baptism .
However , a number of publishers have lost some of the joy they once had .
Why has this happened ?
What reasons do we have for continuing to serve Jehovah with joy ?
The Kingdom message brings us a lot of joy .
Why ?
Because Jehovah promises that the Kingdom will soon put an end to this wicked world and bring in God’s new world .
Zephaniah 1 : 14 tells us : “ The great day of Jehovah is near ! It is near and it is approaching very quickly ! ”
But if we feel that we have to wait longer than expected , we could lose the joy we once had .
This could cause us to slow down in our service to God . ​ — Proverbs 13 : 12 .
When we spend time with our brothers and sisters , we feel encouraged to keep on serving Jehovah with joy .
The good conduct of Jehovah’s people may have attracted us to true worship and helped us to begin serving God joyfully .
However , what could happen if one of our brothers or sisters was disciplined because he or she did not obey God’s commands ?
This may discourage some in the congregation and cause them to lose their joy .
Materialism could also cause us to lose our joy .
How so ?
Satan’s world tries to convince us that we should buy things that we really do not need .
So may we remember Jesus ’ words : “ No one can slave for two masters ; for either he will hate the one and love the other , or he will stick to the one and despise the other . You cannot slave for God and for Riches . ”
We cannot serve Jehovah with joy and at the same time try to get all that we can from this world .
Serving Jehovah is not a heavy load for those who love him .
Remember that Jesus said : “ Come to me , all you who are toiling and loaded down , and I will refresh you .
Take my yoke upon you and learn from me , for I am mild - tempered and lowly in heart , and you will find refreshment for yourselves .
For my yoke is kindly , and my load is light . ”
Being a true Christian is refreshing and brings us joy .
We certainly have good reasons for being joyful in Jehovah’s service .
Let us now consider three of them . ​ — Habakkuk 3 : 18 .
We serve our Life - Giver , the happy God .
We realize that we owe our lives to our Creator .
So let us continue to serve him with joy , regardless of how many years have gone by since we got baptized .
Héctor keeps his joy by remembering his Kingdom hope and staying active
Consider Héctor , who served Jehovah as a traveling overseer for 40 years .
“ Even in old age , ” he still enjoys serving Jehovah .
His wife’s illness has limited his activity in God’s service , but Héctor has not lost his joy .
He says : “ Although it is sad to see my wife’s health gradually deteriorate and it has been challenging to care for her , I have not allowed this to rob me of my joy in serving the true God .
Knowing that I owe my life to Jehovah , who created man for a purpose , is reason enough to love him deeply and serve him wholeheartedly .
I strive to stay active in the preaching work , and I try to keep the Kingdom hope foremost in my mind so as not to lose my joy . ”
Jehovah has provided the ransom sacrifice , making it possible for us to have a joyful life .
Indeed , “ God loved the world so much that he gave his only - begotten Son , so that everyone exercising faith in him might not be destroyed but have everlasting life . ”
Yes , our sins can be forgiven and we can have everlasting life when we show faith in God’s loving gift of the ransom .
This is truly an excellent reason to be grateful !
And our gratitude for the ransom will motivate us to serve Jehovah joyfully .
Jesús simplified his life and served Jehovah joyfully for years
A brother named Jesús , who lived in Mexico , said : “ I was a slave to my job , at times working five consecutive shifts even though it was not obligatory to do so .
I did it just to make more money .
Then I learned about Jehovah and how he had given his dear Son for mankind .
I had an intense desire to serve him .
So I dedicated my life to Jehovah , and after having worked for the company for 28 years , I decided to quit and take up the full - time ministry . ”
That is how Jesús started serving Jehovah with joy .
We live a morally clean life , which brings us happiness .
Do you remember what your life was like before you came to know Jehovah ?
The apostle Paul reminded Christians in Rome that they “ were once the slaves of sin ” but had become “ slaves to righteousness . ”
Because they were living a clean life , they could look forward to everlasting life .
We too follow Jehovah’s standards , so we are free from the sadness that comes from an immoral or violent way of life .
What a cause for joy !
“ The happiest years of my life have been those spent serving Jehovah . ” ​ — Jaime
Consider Jaime , who was an atheist and evolutionist and also a boxer .
Jaime began to attend Christian meetings and was touched by the love he found there .
To abandon his former lifestyle , Jaime had to ask Jehovah to help him believe in Him .
“ Little by little , I discovered the existence of a loving Father and merciful God , ” Jaime says .
“ Keeping Jehovah’s righteous standards has been a protection for me .
Had I not changed , I might have been killed , as some of my former boxing friends were .
The happiest years of my life have been those spent serving Jehovah . ”
How should we feel while we wait for the end of this wicked world ?
Remember , we are doing God’s will and we are looking forward to everlasting life .
“ So let us not give up in doing what is fine , for in due time we will reap if we do not tire out . ”
With Jehovah’s help , let us endure , work hard to cultivate the qualities we need to survive “ the great tribulation , ” and continue to serve Jehovah with joy . ​ — Revelation 7 : 9 , 13 , 14 ; James 1 : 2 - 4 .
We can be confident that Jehovah will reward our endurance because he knows the work we do and the love we show for him and his name .
If we keep on serving him with joy , we will be like the psalmist David , who said : “ I keep Jehovah before me constantly . Because he is at my right hand , I will never be shaken .
So my heart rejoices , my whole being is joyful . And I reside in security . ” ​ — Psalm 16 : 8 , 9 .
“ May Jehovah be between you and me and between your offspring and my offspring forever . ” ​ — 1 SAMUEL 20 : 42 .
SONGS : 125 , 62
How was King Saul’s son Jonathan loyal to Jehovah ?
How can we be loyal to God when we feel that someone who has authority does not deserve our respect ?
How can we be loyal to Jehovah if others misunderstand us or treat us unfairly ?
1 , 2 .
Why is Jonathan’s friendship with David a remarkable example of loyalty ?
JONATHAN must have been amazed at how courageous young David was .
David had killed the giant Goliath and brought “ the head of the Philistine ” to Jonathan’s father , King Saul of Israel .
Jonathan had no doubt that God was with David , and from then on , Jonathan and David became very close friends .
They promised that they would always be loyal to each other .
For the rest of his life , Jonathan was loyal to David .
Jonathan stayed loyal to David even though Jehovah had chosen David , not Jonathan , to be the next king of Israel .
And when Saul was trying to kill David , Jonathan was worried about his friend .
He knew that David was in the wilderness at Horesh , so Jonathan went there to encourage him to keep relying on Jehovah .
Jonathan told David : “ Do not be afraid , for my father Saul will not find you ; you will be king over Israel , and I will become second to you . ” ​ — 1 Samuel 23 : 16 , 17 .
What was more important to Jonathan than being loyal to David , and how do we know ?
( See opening picture . )
We usually admire people who are loyal .
But do we admire Jonathan only because he was loyal to David ?
No , being loyal to God was the most important thing in Jonathan’s life .
In fact , that is the reason why he was loyal to David and was not jealous of him , although David would become king instead of him .
Jonathan even helped David to rely on Jehovah .
Both men stayed loyal to Jehovah and to each other .
They kept the promise they had made : “ May Jehovah be between you and me and between your offspring and my offspring forever . ” ​ — 1 Samuel 20 : 42 .
( a ) What will make us truly happy and satisfied ?
( b ) What will we consider in this article ?
We too must be loyal to our family , our friends , and our brothers and sisters in the congregation .
But most important of all , we must be loyal to Jehovah .
He is the One who gave us life !
When we are loyal to him , we are truly happy and satisfied .
But we know that we must be loyal to God even in difficult times .
In this article , we will discuss how Jonathan’s example can help us to stay loyal to Jehovah in four situations : ( 1 ) when we feel that someone who has authority does not deserve our respect , ( 2 ) when we have to choose to whom we should be loyal , ( 3 ) when a brother taking the lead misunderstands us or treats us unfairly , and ( 4 ) when we feel it is difficult to keep a promise .
Why was it difficult for the people of Israel to be loyal to God while Saul was king ?
Jonathan and the people of Israel were in a difficult situation .
King Saul , Jonathan’s father , had become disobedient , and Jehovah rejected him .
Still , God allowed Saul to continue ruling for many years .
So it was hard for the people to be loyal to God when the king who was chosen to sit on “ Jehovah’s throne ” was doing very bad things . ​ — 1 Chronicles 29 : 23 .
What shows that Jonathan stayed loyal to Jehovah ?
Jonathan stayed loyal to Jehovah .
Think of what Jonathan did soon after Saul started to disobey God .
At that time , a large army of Philistines came with 30,000 chariots to attack Israel .
Saul had just 600 soldiers , and only he and Jonathan had weapons .
But Jonathan was not afraid .
He remembered the words of the prophet Samuel : “ For the sake of his great name , Jehovah will not abandon his people . ”
Jonathan said to another soldier : “ Nothing can hinder Jehovah from saving by many or by few . ”
So he and the soldier attacked a group of Philistines and killed about 20 of them .
Jonathan had faith in Jehovah , and Jehovah blessed him .
Jehovah caused an earthquake , and the Philistines became frightened .
Then they attacked and killed one another , and the Israelites won the battle . ​ — 1 Samuel 13 : 5 , 15 , 22 ; 14 : 1 , 2 , 6 , 14 , 15 , 20 .
How did Jonathan treat his father ?
Even though Saul continued to disobey Jehovah , Jonathan still obeyed his father whenever possible .
For example , they fought together to defend Jehovah’s people . ​ — 1 Samuel 31 : 1 , 2 .
8 , 9 .
How are we being loyal to God when we respect those who have authority ?
Like Jonathan , we can be loyal to Jehovah by obeying whenever possible the government of the country where we live .
Jehovah allows these “ superior authorities ” to have authority over us , and he requires that we show them respect .
( Read Romans 13 : 1 , 2 . )
That is why we should treat a government official with respect even when he is not honest and we feel he does not deserve our respect .
In fact , we should respect all those who are given authority by Jehovah . ​ — 1 Corinthians 11 : 3 ; Hebrews 13 : 17 .
One way we stay loyal to Jehovah is by treating our husband or wife with respect , even if he or she does not serve Jehovah ( See paragraph 9 )
Olga , a sister in South America , showed her loyalty to Jehovah by being respectful to her husband even though he treated her badly .
( See endnote . )
He sometimes refused to speak to her or said cruel things to her because she was one of Jehovah’s Witnesses .
He even told her that he would leave her and take the children with him .
But Olga did not “ return evil for evil . ”
She did her best to be a good wife .
She cooked for him , washed his clothes , and took care of others in his family .
And when she could , she went with him to visit his family and friends .
For example , when he wanted to go to another city for his father’s funeral , she prepared everything they needed for the trip .
Then , at the funeral , she waited for him outside the church .
After many years , Olga’s husband started to treat her better because she had been so patient and always showed him respect .
Now he encourages her to go to the meetings and takes her there .
Sometimes he even attends the meetings with her . ​ — 1 Peter 3 : 1 .
How did Jonathan know to whom he should be loyal ?
When Saul said that he was going to kill David , Jonathan had a difficult decision to make .
He wanted to be loyal to his father , but he also wanted to be loyal to David .
Jonathan knew that God was with David and not with Saul , so he chose to be loyal to David .
He warned David to hide and then told Saul why he should let David live . ​ — Read 1 Samuel 19 : 1 - 6 .
11 , 12 .
How does our love for God help us decide to be loyal to him ?
Alice , a sister from Australia , had to decide to whom she would be loyal .
While she was studying the Bible , she told her family about the things she was learning .
She also told them that she would not celebrate Christmas with them and explained why .
At first her family members were disappointed , but later they became very angry with her .
They felt that Alice did not care about them anymore .
Then her mother said that she never wanted to see Alice again .
Alice said : “ I was shocked and deeply hurt because I really loved my family .
Nevertheless , I resolved that Jehovah and his Son would be first in my heart , and I got baptized at the next assembly . ” ​ — Matthew 10 : 37 .
We must not let loyalty to anything , such as a sports team , a school , or a country , become more important to us than our loyalty to Jehovah .
For example , Henry enjoyed playing chess with his school team and wanted to win a championship for his school .
But because he played chess every weekend , he did not have enough time for the ministry or the meetings .
Henry said that it had become more important for him to be loyal to the school than to God .
So he decided to stop playing chess for his school . ​ — Matthew 6 : 33 .
How can loyalty to God help us to cope with family problems ?
Sometimes it can be hard to be loyal to different members of our family at the same time .
For example , Ken says : “ I wanted to visit my elderly mother regularly and to have her stay with us occasionally .
But my mother and my wife did not get along well . ”
He continues : “ I could not please one without displeasing the other . ”
Ken thought about what the Bible says and realized that in this situation , he had to please his wife and be loyal to her .
So he found a solution that his wife was happy with .
Then , he explained to her why she had to be kind to his mother .
He also explained to his mother why she should respect his wife . ​ — Read Genesis 2 : 24 ; 1 Corinthians 13 : 4 , 5 .
How did Saul treat Jonathan unfairly ?
We can also be loyal to Jehovah if a brother who is taking the lead treats us unfairly .
King Saul was appointed by God , yet he treated his own son badly .
He did not understand why Jonathan loved David .
So when Jonathan tried to help David , Saul got very angry , and he embarrassed his son in front of many people .
But Jonathan still showed respect to his father .
At the same time , he stayed loyal to Jehovah and to David , who was chosen by God to be the next king of Israel . ​ — 1 Samuel 20 : 30 - 41 .
If a brother treats us unfairly , how should we react ?
In our congregations today , the brothers taking the lead try to be fair to everyone .
But these brothers are imperfect .
Because of that , it is possible that they may not understand why we have done something .
So if we are ever misjudged or misunderstood , let us stay loyal to Jehovah .
In what situations must we be loyal to God and not be selfish ?
Saul wanted Jonathan to become the next king instead of David .
But Jonathan loved Jehovah and was loyal to him .
So instead of being selfish , Jonathan became David’s friend and kept his promise to him .
In fact , anyone who loves Jehovah and is loyal to him will “ not go back on his promise , even when it is bad for him . ”
Because we are loyal to God , we will keep our promises .
For example , if we make a business agreement , we will do what we agreed to do , even if this becomes difficult .
And if we have problems in our marriage , we will show our love for Jehovah by staying loyal to our husband or wife . ​ — Read Malachi 2 : 13 - 16 .
If we make a business agreement , we will do what we agreed to do because we are loyal to God ( See paragraph 16 )
How has this study helped you ?
We want to be loyal to God even in difficult situations , as Jonathan was .
So let us stay loyal to our brothers and sisters when they disappoint us .
Then we will make Jehovah’s heart rejoice , and that is what makes us happiest .
We can be sure that he will always do what is best for us and take care of us .
In the next article , we will see what we can learn from some in David’s time who were loyal and from others who were not loyal .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 9 ) Some names have been changed .
We stay loyal to Jehovah : We love Jehovah and obey him always .
In difficult situations , we think of what he wants us to do and then obey him because we love him more than anyone or anything else
“ Superior authorities ” : The governments and officials that Jehovah allows to have authority over us .
He wants us to treat them with respect and obey them except when they want us to do something that he commands us not to do
“ What is Jehovah requiring of you ?
Only to exercise justice , to cherish loyalty , and to walk in modesty with your God ! ” ​ — MICAH 6 : 8 .
SONGS : 63 , 43
Who deserves our loyalty ?
Why was Jonathan’s reaction to David so different from Abner’s ?
What qualities will help us to be loyal to God , and how ?
1 , 2 .
How did David show that he was loyal to God ?
( See opening picture . )
SAUL and his 3,000 soldiers were looking for David in the wilderness of Judah to kill him .
But one night , David and his men found the place where Saul and his soldiers were camped .
They were all asleep , so David and Abishai walked carefully past the soldiers and found Saul .
Abishai whispered to David : “ Let me pin him to the ground with the spear just once , and I will not need to do it twice . ”
But David would not let him kill Saul .
He told Abishai : “ Do not harm him , for who can lift his hand against the anointed of Jehovah and remain innocent ? ”
Then David said : “ It is unthinkable from Jehovah’s standpoint for me to lift my hand against the anointed of Jehovah ! ” ​ — 1 Samuel 26 : 8 - 12 .
David understood what he needed to do to be loyal to Jehovah .
He knew he should respect Saul , and he did not even think of hurting him .
Why ?
Because God had chosen Saul to be king of Israel .
Today , as in the past , Jehovah wants all of his servants to be loyal to him and respect those whom he allows to have authority . ​ — Read Micah 6 : 8 .
How was Abishai loyal to David ?
Abishai respected David because he knew that God had chosen David to be king .
Yet after becoming king , David committed serious sins .
He had sexual relations with Uriah’s wife and then told Joab to make sure that Uriah would be killed in battle .
Joab was Abishai’s brother , so Abishai may have heard about what David did , but he continued to respect David .
In addition , Abishai was a military leader and could have used this authority to make himself king , but he never did .
Instead , he served David and protected him from his enemies . ​ — 2 Samuel 10 : 10 ; 20 : 6 ; 21 : 15 - 17 .
( a ) How was David an example of loyalty to God ?
( b ) What other examples will we consider ?
David was loyal to Jehovah all his life .
When he was young , he killed the giant Goliath , who was insulting Jehovah and the Israelites .
When David was king , Jehovah’s prophet Nathan had to correct him for the sins he committed .
Immediately , David admitted that he had sinned , and he repented .
Later , when David was an old man , he gave many valuable things to help build Jehovah’s temple .
It is clear that even though David made serious mistakes in his life , he never stopped being loyal to God .
In this article , we will discuss the example of David and others who lived at that time and learn how we can be loyal to Jehovah more than to anyone else .
And we will discuss other qualities that will help us to do so .
What lesson do we learn from Abishai’s mistake ?
When Abishai wanted to kill Saul , he was trying to be loyal to David .
But because David knew that it would be wrong to harm “ the anointed of Jehovah , ” he did not let Abishai kill the king .
This teaches us an important lesson : When we need to decide whom to be loyal to first , we need to think about which Bible principles can help us in our situation . It is more important to be loyal to Jehovah than to anyone else
Although it is natural to be loyal to our family and friends , why must we be careful ?
It is natural to be loyal to someone we love , such as a friend or a family member .
But because we are imperfect , our feelings can mislead us .
So if someone we love is doing something bad and leaves the truth , we must remember that it is more important to be loyal to Jehovah than to anyone else . ​ — Read Matthew 22 : 37 .
How did one sister stay loyal to God in a difficult situation ?
If someone in your family has been disfellowshipped from the congregation , you can show Jehovah that you are loyal to Him .
For example , one day Anne’s mother , who was disfellowshipped , called her on the phone to say that she wanted to visit her .
( See endnote . )
Anne’s mother said that she was very unhappy because the family refused to talk to her .
This made Anne feel sad , and she promised to reply in a letter .
Before she wrote the letter , Anne meditated on some Bible principles .
Then , in the letter , she explained in a kind way that her mother was the one who left the family when she sinned and refused to repent .
Anne told her mother that the only way she could be happy again was by returning to Jehovah . ​ — James 4 : 8 .
What qualities will help us to be loyal to God ?
Loyal servants of God in David’s time were also humble , kind , and courageous .
Let us see how these qualities can help us to be loyal to Jehovah .
Why did Abner try to kill David ?
Saul’s son Jonathan and the commander of Israel’s army , Abner , saw David bring Goliath’s head to King Saul .
Jonathan became David’s friend and stayed loyal to him .
But Abner did not .
In fact , later he even helped Saul , who wanted to kill David .
Both Jonathan and Abner knew that God wanted David to be the next king of Israel .
But after Saul died , Abner did not support David .
Instead , he tried to make Saul’s son Ish - bosheth king .
Later , Abner may have wanted to be king himself , and perhaps that is why he had sexual relations with one of King Saul’s wives .
Why did Jonathan and Abner feel so differently about David ?
Because Jonathan was loyal to Jehovah and was humble but Abner was not .
Why was Absalom not loyal to God ?
Absalom , King David’s son , was not loyal to God because he was not humble .
He wanted to be king , so he got “ a chariot and horses and 50 men to run before him . ”
He also convinced many Israelites to be loyal to him .
He even tried to kill his father , although he knew that Jehovah had made David king of Israel . ​ — 2 Samuel 15 : 13 , 14 ; 17 : 1 - 4 .
How can we benefit from Bible accounts about Abner , Absalom , and Baruch ?
When a person is not humble and wants to have more authority , it is hard for him to stay loyal to God .
Of course , we love Jehovah , and we do not want to be selfish and wicked like Abner and Absalom .
But we must be careful that we do not start to desire a lot of money or a job that makes us feel important .
This will harm our relationship with Jehovah .
For some time , Baruch , Jeremiah’s secretary , wanted something he did not have and was no longer happy serving God .
Then Jehovah said to Baruch : “ Look ! What I have built up I am tearing down , and what I have planted I am uprooting ​ — the entire land .
But you are seeking great things for yourself .
Stop seeking such things . ”
Baruch listened to Jehovah .
And we must listen to him too , because soon he will destroy this wicked world .
When you ask your brother to go to the elders for help , you are being kind to him and loyal to Jehovah
Show why we cannot be loyal to God when we are selfish .
Daniel , a brother in Mexico , had to decide to whom he would be loyal .
He wanted to marry a girl who did not worship Jehovah .
Daniel says : “ I continued writing to her even after I entered the pioneer service . ”
But then he realized that he was just selfishly doing what he wanted .
He was not being loyal to Jehovah , and he needed to be humble .
So he told an experienced elder about the girl .
Daniel explains : “ He helped me to see that to be loyal to God , I needed to stop writing to her .
After many prayers and tears , that is what I did .
Soon , my joy in the ministry increased . ”
Daniel now has a wife who loves Jehovah , and he serves as a circuit overseer .
If you find out that your friend has committed a serious sin , will you talk to that person and make sure that he or she gets help from the elders ?
( See paragraph 14 )
How did Nathan stay loyal to both God and David when David sinned ?
When we are loyal to Jehovah , we can also be loyal to others and help them in the best way .
The prophet Nathan stayed loyal to Jehovah and was also loyal to David .
After David had taken a man’s wife and then killed him , Jehovah sent Nathan to counsel David .
Nathan was courageous and obeyed Jehovah .
But he also acted wisely and spoke to David in a kind way .
He wanted to help David understand how serious his sins were .
So he told him a story of a rich man who stole the only lamb that a poor man had .
When David heard this , he got very angry at what the rich man had done .

Nathan then said : “ You are the man ! ”
David realized that he had sinned against Jehovah . ​ — 2 Samuel 12 : 1 - 7 , 13 .
How can you be loyal to both Jehovah and your friend or relative ?
You too can be loyal to Jehovah first and be loyal to others by being kind .
For example , you may have proof that a brother has committed a serious sin .
You may want to stay loyal to him , especially if he is a close friend or a family member .
But you also know that it is more important to be loyal to Jehovah .
So like Nathan , obey Jehovah but be kind to your brother .
Tell him that he should ask the elders for help and that he should speak to them soon .
If he does not , then you should tell the elders yourself .
By doing this , you stay loyal to Jehovah . And at the same time , you are kind to your brother because the elders can help him to have a good relationship with Jehovah again .
They will correct him in a calm and gentle way . ​ — Read Leviticus 5 : 1 ; Galatians 6 : 1 .
15 , 16 .
Why did Hushai need courage to be loyal to God ?
Hushai was one of King David’s loyal friends .
When people wanted to make Absalom king , Hushai needed courage to stay loyal to David and to God .
He knew that Absalom had come to Jerusalem with his soldiers and that David had run away .
But what did Hushai do ?
Did he abandon David and support Absalom ?
No .
Although David was old and many people wanted to kill him , Hushai stayed loyal to him because Jehovah had appointed David to be king .
So Hushai went to the Mount of Olives to meet David . ​ — 2 Samuel 15 : 30 , 32 .
David asked Hushai to go back to Jerusalem and pretend to be Absalom’s friend so that he could convince Absalom to listen to his advice instead of Ahithophel’s .
Hushai was courageous and risked his life to obey David and to stay loyal to Jehovah .
David prayed that Jehovah would help Hushai , and that is what happened .
Absalom listened to Hushai instead of Ahithophel . ​ — 2 Samuel 15 : 31 ; 17 : 14 .
Why do we need courage to be loyal ?
We need courage to be loyal to Jehovah and obey him instead of doing what our family members , workmates , or government authorities want us to do .
For example , ever since he was a little boy , Taro , in Japan , did all he could to make his parents happy .
He obeyed them and was loyal to them , not just because he had to , but because he loved them .
But when he started to study with Jehovah’s Witnesses , his parents wanted him to stop .
This made him sad , and it was very difficult for him to tell them that he had decided to go to the meetings .
Taro says : “ They were so angry that for years , I was forbidden to visit them at home .
I prayed for courage to stick to my decision .
Now their attitude has softened , and I can visit them regularly . ” ​ — Read Proverbs 29 : 25 .
How have you benefited from this study ?
Like David , Jonathan , Nathan , and Hushai , may we too feel the satisfaction that comes from being loyal to Jehovah .
We never want to be like Abner and Absalom , who were not loyal .
It is true that we are imperfect and make mistakes .
But let us show Jehovah that being loyal to him is the most important thing in our lives .
[ 1 ] ( paragraph 7 ) Some names have been changed .
If we are loyal and humble , we will not focus on what we want but on what Jehovah wants us to do
If we are loyal and kind , we will try to help others , and we will treat them the way Jehovah wants us to

If we are loyal and courageous , we will obey Jehovah even when it is difficult or when we feel afraid
